Privacy Policy - Weather Girl 
 
Privacy Policy 
 
Last updated:10th Jan 2018 
 
As the developer of Weather Girl ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Alexa Skill ‘Weather Girl’ (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. 
 
We use your Personal Information only for providing the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. 
 
Information Collection And Use 
 
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your Address as provided by your Alexa Device ("Personal Information"). 
 
Log Data 
 
We do not store your personal information and only use your City and Country as a real-time request to openweathermaps.com to collect the information about the weather in your area to provide this service.  
 
After this information has been provided your Personal Information is no longer stored or processed. 
 
 
Communications 
 
We will never contact you about using this service 
 
Cookies 
 
No cookies are used 
 
Security 
 
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 
 
Changes To This Privacy Policy 

 This Privacy Policy is effective as of 10th Jan 2018, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. 
 
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. 
 
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website. 
 
Contact Us 
 
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. 