This data may include personal information like your name, email address, zip code, and phone number, which is sent to the advertiser so that they may fulfill the offer or offers you have selected.
When you choose to opt-in to a Feelingtouch advertiser offer, Feelingtouch collects your information on behalf of our advertising partners.The types of anonymous data that DataViz may collect and use include, but are not limited to:
device properties, including, but not limited to unique device identifier or other device identifier ("UDID")
geographical data such as zip code, area code and location
mobile phone carrier
Correcting/updating your personal information If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove your personal data provided to us.
Registered users can update their information here or by contacting DataViz directly.
This can be accomplished by contacting DataViz via e-mail, fax, phone or mail communication.We also collect other information that you provide in connection with your registration and/or use of the Services (e.g., without limitation, birthday, gender, zip code (on its own), individual preferences and certain information about your computer or mobile device, such as operating system, software version and unique advertising identifier) ("Non-Identifying Information").
Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified.Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, email, telephone number, home address, demographic information (such as zip code, age and gender), location information, or payment information (such as account or credit card number)
We or our service providers may collect Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, email, telephone number, home address, demographic information (such as zip code, age and gender), location information, or payment information (such as account or credit card number).
Usage Information may include Device Identifiers (as defined below)
a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Platforms are accessed and used ("Usage Information").
A Device Identifier is a number such as a mobile advertising identifier (Android AAID or Apple IDFA) that is assigned to your Device when you access a website or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier.
We or our service providers automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for the Device (computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device) you use to access the Platforms.
Your Personal Information and location data may also be used by us or shared with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies or other third parties in connection with marketing, promotional, and other offers, as well as product information, and for providing such third party with advertising, analytics and market research.
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our Platform to your profile page to share with others within your network.
You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our Facebook or Twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Usage Information, Device Identifiers, and Personal Information such as lists of your friends, "likes", comments you have shared, groups and location.You may provide additional information during the registration flow (for example, your postal code, job title, and company) to help you build your profile and to provide you more customized services (for example: language-specific profile pages, updates, content, more relevant ads and career opportunities).Imprecise location data includes, for example, a location derived from your IP address or data that indicates where you are located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Precise location data can be Global Position System (GPS) data, as well as data identifying nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots, we collect when you enable location-based products or features.
We collect data about your location, which can be either precise or imprecise.
For example, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we may store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site.
If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device.
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the product, including: Storing your Preferences and Settings.
Settings that enable our products to operate correctly or that maintain your preferences over time may be stored on your device.
Cortana can access the demographic data (such as your age, postal code and gender) you provided when you created your personal Microsoft account.
If you sign in, you enable Cortana to perform additional tasks and to provide personalized experiences and relevant suggestions; and you give Cortana permission to collect or access the following additional types of data: Microsoft account.
A HealthVault account allows you to manage one or more health records, such as the ones you create for yourself and your family members.
Depending on which features you use, you may be asked for additional information.
HealthVault Account and Health Records.
To create a new HealthVault account, you must provide personal data such as name, date of birth, e-mail address, postal code and country/region.
You can add or remove data to a health record you manage at any time.
If you turn on the General Location feature, apps that cannot use your precise location will have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.When you register, we ask you to provide certain information, which includes your email address, birth year, gender, and zip code (the "Registration Data"), as well as a password for your account.
As part of registration for the Pandora Service, you agree to provide us with, and allow us to use, your zip or postal code.Registration Data: When you register, we ask you to provide certain information, which includes your age, gender, TV service provider, manufacturer of your TV box – and other devices that can be set up through the Service - and zip code (the "Registration Data").
In general, Peel may use your Registration Data and/or other information or data we receive or collect, as well as data we derive or infer from combinations of the foregoing, for a variety of purposes, such as:
To customize and personalize the advertising and other content we deliver to you both on the Service and via partners.
In doing so, we may use information representing an encrypted or hashed value derived from information we have received, such as your email address, in connection with these partners and platforms.
Peel may share information from devices you use to access the Service with its advertising and other partners.We may collect Non-Personal Information when you create an account, such as year of birth, gender, and postal code.If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you.
Participation in these sweepstakes and contests are voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes or contest through our Service.We may also collect your postal code, contact number and information about your mobile device (e.g., name of your wireless carrier and device identifier).You may be asked for information which is not considered PII, such as a zip/postal code and/or country of origin.By accessing and using the Services, you consent to this collection and processing of location information.
IP address, zip code) about your location, and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information, advertising, and features.
Location Information.
We may collect general information (e.g.When you use our SERVICE, we may need to collect certain information from you when use or interact with our SERVICE (hereinafter referred to as "Information"); we may ask for the following information: Information you provide to us Your e-mail address
Your name, mailing/shipping/billing address (including zip code), contact information, e-mail addressWe collect non-personal data to improve our products and services, including:
information about where our products and services are used, including approximate location, zip code, area code, time zone, and the URL you came from to reach our products.
We do not collect any non-personal data, for example, information about where our products and services are used, including approximate location, zip code, area code, time zone, and the URL you came from to reach our products.For example, we collect your name, email address or other address you provide, and any other information you provide us when you contact us for support or provide feedback.
We collect personal information you provide to us.
We may also collect any information you provide us, such as your name, postal address, zip code, country of origin, and emailFor example, the process of creating or editing your user profile on a Service may require you to provide us with a name, e-mail address, phone number, physical address, including zip code, password of your choice and cable provider.
We collect information that you submit to us.
For example, if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in New York, the Services may be customized with New York-specific information, features, and advertisements.
In order to do this, your location information may be passed along to our affiliates, agents, vendors or advertisers.
We may collect different types of information about your location, including general information, such as the city, state and/or zip code associated with your IP Address, and, if you agree, more specific location information that is provided through the GPS functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services.
We may use such location information to customize the Services, including advertising that is presented to you.We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, referrer URL, location, and the time zone where an Apple product is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising.
We may not collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, referrer URL, location, nor the time zone where an Apple product is used. We are able to understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising without such information.Additional information such as Your progress in completing tasks set by the Product, audio data disclosed by the User when interacting with the Application, etc is collected and stored by Us, solely for the improvement and development of the Product.
Certain information, such as your name, e-mail addresses, is collected in order to sign up for an account on our app / website.
Our apps or website may sometimes require you to give us your contact information (like your name, address, telephone number and email address), and demographic information (like your Zip Code/ Pin Code).
To avail of any services we offer or to buy products on the apps or the website we will need to collect certain financial information, such as your credit card number, credit card expiration date, and billing address ("Financial Information").
You can change your registration information such as: name, address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, and profile.We may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, language, area code, location, the time zone where a Service is used, mobile device, software, incident data, and network Media Access Control (MAC) address and connection, information about the hardware you may own, your favorite websites, friend information and fan pages), or we may be able to collect that information from social networking systems ("SNS") on which you have used the Services (in accordance with the terms of use of those systems), which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.We may also collect your ZIP code.
We may collect your zip code to help you find sales relevant to you.In addition, when you use our Services, the following types of information may all be logged automatically ("Usage Information"): Your Device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address,
Non-precise geographic location (e.g.
zip code and city)Information that does not identify a particular person is "Non-Personally-Identifiable Information" or "non-PII."
It could be an anonymous personal record of online activity, or information you put in a profile - like your zip code, or your gender (when it's used without your name).
We routinely collect this kind of information and use it to improve your experience, for example, by showing you content and advertising that may be more relevant and interesting to someone like you.
Comcast, or third parties acting on Comcast's behalf, routinely logs Non-PII that is automatically generated when all users visit or use the Comcast Web Services (including both the Comcast Sites and Comcast Apps), as a by-product of the user's activities ("Web Log Data").
This information includes, but is not limited to, Internet protocol ("IP") and HTTP header information that is automatically passed between a user's device and the Comcast Web Services, such as the device's IP address, the browser being used at the time, the operating system being used at the time, the UDID of the device (if the device being used to access the Comcast Web Services is a mobile device) and the URL of the webpage or other asset within the Comcast Web Services that is being requested.
Some of the Comcast Web Services allow you to store certain details and preferences that help you personalize that Comcast Web Service ("Preference Data").
This Non-PII may include ZIP code, gender, favorite genre to watch on television, and preferred type of news.
As described in more detail below, Comcast may also provide Non-PII elements of Your Data to third parties who deliver ads to you on Comcast's behalf.
Comcast will not provide your PII to these advertisers unless you expressly authorize us to do so.
If you participate, we may request certain PII from you.
Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys on the Comcast Web Services.
Besides the location of the Wi-Fi Service access point to which you login, and aggregated usage data from that access point, we record only the media access control address ("MAC Address") associated with the device you use to access the Wi-Fi Service to enable you to log back in during the time you have signed up for access, and we may track the time(s) and location(s) of the access point(s) you use to access the Wi-Fi Service.
Comcast may record non-PII about your use of the Wi-Fi Service for purposes of improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the Wi-Fi Service and to automate repeated logins to the Wi-Fi Service from the same device.
The MAC Address is a short series of numbers unique to your phone, laptop, tablet or other Wi-Fi-enabled device.
If you sign on to the Wi-Fi Service as a non-subscriber to XFINITY Internet or if you are not a Performance Tier or above XFINITY Internet subscriber, Comcast may ask for your email address and home zip code.
We will use the email address you provide when you sign in to send you service messages and we may send you promotional messages regarding XFINITY products or services you might be interested in based on the zip code you provide.
As part of a registration process for Amenity Wi-Fi, you may be asked to provide information about yourself, such as your email address and home ZIP code.If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you.
Participation in these sweepstakes and contests are voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes or contest through our Services.
Thus, we will not request personal information from you. We will not request contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).When you access or use the Services, Game Circus collects information about
device properties, including, but not limited to Media Access Control ("MAC") address, unique device identifier ("UDID"), or other device identifiers;
device software platform and firmware;
geographical data such as zip code, area code and location
mobile phone carrier;There are two types of information we may collect through your use of the Websites/Apps:
Non-Personal Information," which is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your date of birth, age, ZIP code, non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city), and gender, as well as information about your computer and mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware.
If you choose to connect to one of our Websites/Apps through a third-party social network such as Facebook or Game Center, we may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information from your profile on such third-party social networks, such as your name, username, photograph, gender and date of birth.
If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device.
We do, however, collect Non-Personal Information such as device IDs, IP addresses and other persistent identifiers
We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer
We don't collect Non-Personal Information, which is information that doesn't identify you and can be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your date of birth, age, ZIP code, non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city), and gender, as well as information about your computer and mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware.In addition to the other uses and disclosures of information set forth in this Privacy Policy, and notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we may use and disclosure, for any purpose, any information that does not identify you as a specific individual ("Non-Personal Information"), except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.
Such Non-Personal Information may include, for example and without limitation: MAC addresses and other device identifiers; IP addresses; pixel tags and similar technologies; physical location information; and demographic information, including gender, dates of birth, ZIP codes, etc.We may collect the following information: contact information including email address demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We don't collect contact information including email address demographic information such as postcode.We collect information you provide to us which includes:
your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method and telephone number.
We do not collect your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method and telephone number.These surveys may ask you for contact information and demographic information (like zip code, age, gender, etc.
We may occasionally ask you to complete optional online surveys.
We may occasionally ask you to complete optional online surveys. These surveys will not gather your contact information and demographic information (like zip code, age, gender, etc.).In addition, the SmartTV helps make the searchable guides and other SmartTV content more relevant to you by highlighting programming and content that is likely to interest you, such as episodes of programs that you may have missed and new programs, applications and other content that we believe you will find of interest.
In the case of live television programs, we determine what content is available to you based in part on your zip code.
We base these recommendations on: Information about content that you have watched, purchased, downloaded, or streamed through Samsung applications on your SmartTV or other devices; Information about applications you have accessed through the SmartTV panels; Information about your clicks on the "Like," "Dislike," "Watch Now," and other buttons on your SmartTV; The query terms you enter into SmartTV search features, including when you search for particular video content; and Other SmartTV usage and device information, including, but not limited to, IP address, information stored in cookies and similar technologies, information that identifies your hardware or software configuration, browser information, and the page(s) you request.In addition, the Smart TV helps you find and experience other Smart TV content more relevant to you by highlighting programming and content that is likely to interest you or providing additional services that will enhance your viewing experience.
In the case of live television programs, we determine what content is available to you based in part on your postcode.
We base these recommendations and additional services on: • Information about content that you have watched, purchased, downloaded, or streamed through Samsung applications on your Smart TV or other devices; • Information about applications you have accessed through the Smart TV; • Information about your clicks on the "Like," "Dislike," "Watch Now," and other buttons on your Smart TV; • The query terms you enter into Smart TV search features, including when you search for particular video content; • Other Smart TV usage and device information, including, but not limited to, IP address, information stored in cookies and similar technologies, information that identifies your hardware or software configuration, browser information, and the page(s) you request.If you register with SoundHound, we collect your name, email address, zip code, gender and year of birth.When you sign up for the Service, we may ask you for information such as your username, password, email address, date of birth, gender, address, postal code, and country.
3.5 Payment data If you sign up for a Trial (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use), purchase any of our Paid Subscriptions (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use), or make other purchases through the Service, your credit or debit card information (such as card type and expiration date) and other financial data that we need to process your payment may be collected and stored by us and/or the payment processors with which we work.
In addition, the payment processors generally provide us with some limited information related to you, such as a unique token that enables you to make additional purchases using the information they've stored, and your card's type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card number.
We may also collect some limited information, such as your postal code, mobile number, and details of your transaction history, all of which are necessary to provide the Service.
We do not ask you for information such as your username, password, email address, date of birth, gender, address, postal code, and country.You may register using your e-mail address
you may provide your telephone and home address
you might set a "home" location
For example, we automatically collect: Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about your browser Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Advertising identifiers Mobile or Internet Carrier
If you decline to allow location information collection, your location is not collected and you must type in a location or zip code to see the weather for that location or zip code.
Our collection methods include GPS, cellular network location and other location-based services.
Alerts and Notifications.
Certain Services offer you the ability to receive push notifications for weather-related updates.
If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications, you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered
To provide these Services, we may need to collect your e-mail address, phone number, device information, and mobile carrier information, in addition to the postal code or geographic area to which the alert, update or notification pertains.
If you agreed to use this feature, your contacts were accessed to provide weather information for your contacts that already have their address, city, state, or zip code available in your contact list.
In addition, older versions of the Services allowed users to view weather conditions for contacts saved on their mobile devices.
We did not store your contact list or use it for any other purpose other than providing weather conditions related to your contacts.
You may disable this feature by updating your mobile application to the most recent version or deleting the application.
Your location and area code is not collected.Compulsory information when creating a profile page is the User's first name, last name and phone number and additional information that may be provided at the User's option include, but is not limited to, photo, gender, street address and zip code, country of residence, email address, professional website, Facebook page, Twitter address and a short status message.
We do not collect the User's phone number, gender, street address and zip code, country of residence, email address, professional website, Facebook page, Twitter address and a short status message.You may also optionally add to your profile certain demographic information, such as your country, zip code, time zone, birth year, and gender, as well as your photo.
You cannot add to your profile demographic information, such as your country, zip code, time zone, birth year, and gender, or your photo.Additionally, we may also collect demographic information such as your age, gender, country and zip code of residence, other geo-locational information, recent game purchases, and game ownership and preferences.
Certain Services are specifically designed for Children and enable Children to create their own free accounts for which Ubisoft collects their username or other identifier, password, date of birth (or age), photo, video, voice recording, country, zip code or other geo-locational information, and parent or guardian's e-mail address and/or other parent or guardian contact information.
Such Services sometimes offer the possibility of paying for a subscription or certain game functions which enable Children to participate in more activities on the Services by making a payment.
The subscription services may also allow parents or guardians to manage their Child's account and create their own player accounts.
Additionally, we also do not collect demographic information such as your age, gender, country and zip code of residence, other geo-locational information, recent game purchases, and game ownership and preferences.Please note that Verizon may use bulk mail service for some marketing mailings.
Text message solicitations from Verizon also contain an "unsubscribe" feature that you can use to prevent future marketing text messages from us.
These services deliver offers to all homes in a neighborhood or zip code.
This type of mailing will continue even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related postal mailings from Verizon.
You may opt out of receiving marketing-related postal mailing or prevent text message marketing by Verizon Vehicle service by calling 1-800-711-5800.
You may opt out of receiving marketing-related postal mailing or prevent text message marketing by Verizon Wireless by calling 1-800-922-0204.
You may opt out of receiving marketing-related postal mailings or prevent door-to-door marketing solicitations from Verizon by calling 1-800-VERIZON.
We do not send you marketing-related postal mailing or text message marketing. We do not know your neighborhood or zip code.For all requests, please ensure you put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at CaliforniaRequest@viber.com.
In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you.
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Specific Location Practices: California, EU residents California Privacy Rights Residents of the State of California can request a list of all third-parties to which our App has disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third-parties' direct marketing purposes.
Viber does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed.
We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response.