The information you may provide or that may be collected from you through BANDAI NAMCO's mobile applications will generally fall into one of the following categories (please carefully read and understand the definitions of the terms below, as these terms may be used elsewhere in this Privacy Policy): Personally Identifiable Information ("PII"): PII may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card information (including billing and shipping information), or other information that may enable the recipient of such PII to personally identify or contact you online or off.
This Privacy Policy covers all information that may be voluntarily provided to BANDAI NAMCO or collected from you by BANDAI NAMCO, through your use of a BANDAI NAMCO mobile application, which may include certain "personally identifiable information" or "PII" as defined below.Information processed could include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, BlackBerry ID, device identifier information such as your BlackBerry PIN, airtime service provider information, communications with BlackBerry and any recorded complaints.Bank card or credit card information is used to pay for Pinguo Technology services or products.
The information we collect includes: Any names, email addresses, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, uploaded profile photos or bank cards, etc.
entered or filled in when you register for an account.
To make full use of Camera360 services, you need to create a Camera360 account using a valid email address or phone number.Candy Mobile may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
We do not collect Personal Information.
ion includes your names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and or the Site which identifies you or another person.We do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address.The types of Personal Information collected in this fashion may include but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Services or provide to us in any other way, including via any third party site or service through which you authorize us to access your information (e.g., Facebook ).We may collect information you choose to provide to us, such as your‎ name, email address, mobile phone number,‎ your photo, your friends' contact information as stored on your phone, and the content that you create, such as your texts, photos, and videos"Personal Information" is information that identifies you, which may be transmitted or received when you use J4F Services.
Personal Information may be: your name, telephone number, email address, physical address, calendar entries, phonebook entries, files, photos, geographical location and any other information that can identify you.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you.
As we do not collect any Personal or Non-Personal Information about you, we can't store, use or disclose it.
All personal and non-personal information obtained by the use of above Permissions are used only by the Products itself and are not stored, used, disclosed outside of the Products.For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a AtomicAdd Account.
We collect information in the following ways: Information you give us.
When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card to store with your account.
AtomicAdd may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your AtomicAdd Account.
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number).
This includes:
When you use our services or view content provided by AtomicAdd, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs.
Internet protocol address.
telephony log information like your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls.
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your AtomicAdd Account.
device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.Trajkovski Labs's apps do not collect, store, use, process and share any user information including: names, phone numbers, e-mail addresses and passwords.You agree that you will exercise caution and common sense if you provide us with or let us collect or receive information, including Received Information, about someone else (including Contact information),
Data/names may also be associated with a phone number through our name/data tagging functionality, which allows a user who receives a call from a phone number which is not associated with data or a name in our resources to indicate the data/name to be associated with that number.
However, your details may still be available to us through Public Resources.
Once you are unlisted from the Service, CallApp will not search the CallApp Universal Contact Book for your phone number.
You may unlist your number from the Service by logging onto http://www.callapp.com/unlist.Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password and/or to confirm any changes thereof.
Profile
We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account.
We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.This includes information that can identify you ("personal information"), including your first and last name, telephone number, postal and email addresses, and billing information (such as credit card number, cardholder name, and expiration date).
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way.
You may have the opportunity on our website to provide a mobile number in order to receive day-of-travel flight alerts.This data may include personal information like your name, email address, zip code, and phone number, which is sent to the advertiser so that they may fulfill the offer or offers you have selected.
When you choose to opt-in to a Feelingtouch advertiser offer, Feelingtouch collects your information on behalf of our advertising partners.When using our Services, we might recommend you sign up for a Meitu account to take full advantage of our Services and their features.
When you do, we will collect the information you provide to identify you for the purpose of the register of your Meitu account, including your account name, mobile phone number and so on, which are necessary to sign up for a Meitu account.
If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 (or any applicable age in your jurisdiction)."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
Storm8 may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
We may collect Your Information, including your email address, in connection with your creation of an Account.
We receive and store the information you provide, including your telephone number, when you sign up to have SMS notifications sent directly to your mobile device.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, social security number, Web search or other details to help you with your experience.You may be asked to provide us your name, e-mail address, phone number, fax number, postal address, credit card number (for purchases), and possibly other personal information.
Correcting/updating your personal information If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove your personal data provided to us.
Registered users can update their information here or by contacting DataViz directly.
This can be accomplished by contacting DataViz via e-mail, fax, phone or mail communication.Doodle Mobile may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.; Billing information, such as your name, address, telephone number and payment card details;
We collect information you provide us, including: Your email address, username, country, date of birth, telephone number and password;
If you win, we may need to collect your social security number, postal address and/or national identification for eligibility, prizes delivery and tax purposes.
and Information you provide to enter a contest or sweepstakes.To facilitate participation of the user in interactive activities and issue of prizes from such activities, ELEX usually requires the applicant to fill out forms pertaining to his/her personal interests in addition to contact information (i.e.
mailing address and phone number).Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Here are some examples of the device information we collect: Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.This information may include your name, unique username, pictures of yourself, e-mail address, date of birth, phone number.
We may collect information that You give to us, for example when You sign up to use our Services (in the Service or via third party login/connect).We may collect and store personal information you enter in our Service or provide to us in some other manner, including your name, email address, mobile phone number, user name and password.
When you access our App by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device ("Device ID"), mobile carrier, device type and manufacturer, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g.
latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.By registering your phone number with us, you consent to be contacted by us via phone calls and/or SMS notifications, in case of any order or shipment or delivery related updates.
We will not use your personal information to initiate any promotional phone calls or SMS.
you will be required to enter a valid phone number while placing an order on the App.
By registering your phone number with us, you consent to be contacted by us via phone calls and/or SMS notifications, in case of any order or shipment or delivery related updates.
We will not use your personal information to initiate any promotional phone calls or SMS.
You will be required to enter a valid phone number while placing an order on the App.We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email, mail, telephone, or conspicuous posting on our website in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication.For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account.
When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card to store with your account.
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number).
Internet protocol address.
This includes:
When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs.
telephony log information like your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls.
For example, if you add a phone number as a recovery option, if you forget your password Google can send you a text message with a code to enable you to reset it.Depending on the Google Payments services you use, in addition to the information listed in the Google Privacy Policy, you may be asked to provide the following information: Credit or debit card number and card expiration date, bank account number and expiration date, address, phone number, date of birth,We or our TPPs, may require Customers who register to purchase products (including, but not limited to, end-user licenses to use our intellectual property) from our Website or within our Apps, to be on our e-mail list, or generally to use our products, including, but not limited to, our Website and Apps (collectively, the "Service" or "Services") to give Us or our TPPs contact and other information, which may include but is not limited to Your name, company name, address, phone number, email address, cookies, IP address (collectively "Personal Information").Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, email, telephone number, home address, demographic information (such as zip code, age and gender), location information, or payment information (such as account or credit card number)
We or our service providers may collect Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, email, telephone number, home address, demographic information (such as zip code, age and gender), location information, or payment information (such as account or credit card number).
Usage Information may include Device Identifiers (as defined below)
a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Platforms are accessed and used ("Usage Information").
A Device Identifier is a number such as a mobile advertising identifier (Android AAID or Apple IDFA) that is assigned to your Device when you access a website or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier.
We or our service providers automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for the Device (computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device) you use to access the Platforms.
Your Personal Information and location data may also be used by us or shared with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies or other third parties in connection with marketing, promotional, and other offers, as well as product information, and for providing such third party with advertising, analytics and market research.
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our Platform to your profile page to share with others within your network.
You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our Facebook or Twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Usage Information, Device Identifiers, and Personal Information such as lists of your friends, "likes", comments you have shared, groups and location.Information you give us when you register an account with the Service (this might include your first and last name, username, phone number, email address, password, date of birth/age, and other personal information); Information that you post on your imo user profile (this might include profile pictures, location, bio, and other information);
D. Information you give us about your friends What is it?
If you choose to use the Service to tell a friend about us, we will ask you for and store your friend's email address and/or phone number.
We also might ask you to access your phonebook, Facebook, Twitter, Google+, or other social media sites contacts for this purpose.We collect the following types of information.
Information you provide us directly: Your username, password and e-mail address when you register for an Instagram account.
Profile information that you provide for your user profile (e.g., first and last name, picture, phone number).Identifiable personal information: refers to the information that may be used to directly identify, trade, discern and determine Your true identity, such as Your name, E-mail address or phone number, etc..
You shall provide the real and effective information such as Email address or mobile phone number, etc..
Notwithstanding Your foregoing option, we will still send special service emails in connection with You (e.g.
We may contact you based on Your personal information, for instance, sending Our product updates information or service information to Your email address or mobile phone number You submitted for registration.
You may opt not to receive such information.
notices about changes in service terms and conditions).When you sign up for the Services or in the course of your use of the Services, KAKAO will collect your telephone number, contact information saved on your smartphone or other device (telephone numbers and names of third parties), username (nickname), Kakao Account email address
KAKAO will also collect shipping information (including the name, mobile phone number and address) to ship your order.
Once you request to have your personal information corrected, we will not use or provide your personal information until it is corrected as requested.
To be more specific, you may change your personal information by changing the relevant settings within the Services or unregister from the Services (or withdraw your consent) by simply clicking on "Unregister" in the Settings menu.
You (or your legal guardian if you are under 14 years of age) may review or change your personal information at any time, and you may also request to withdraw your consent to KAKAO's collection and use of your personal information or to unregister from the Services.
You are also free to contact our personal information manager in writing, by phone or by email through our Customer Service Center for immediate action.you may contact us by emailing the following information to ip-notice@king.com: a description of the intellectual property rights and an explanation as to how they have been infringed; a description of where the infringing material is located; your address, phone number and email addressYour personal information will only be collected when: You participate in our events and voluntarily provide your name, email address, phone number, etc.To create an account on LinkedIn, you must provide us with at least your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password and agree to our User Agreement and this Privacy Policy, which governs how we treat your information.
We also provide the option to register for a SlideShare account, for which you must provide at least your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password.
We store this information (including phone numbers) and use it to help you manage and leverage your contacts in connection with our Services.
You may use our address book or "contacts" importer (or other similar features) to upload your address book into our Services.
After sending these invitations, we may also remind your invitees of your invitation on your behalf.
Please note that when you send an invitation to connect to another individual on our Service (a "connection") or to join our Service to connect with you, that person may have access to your email address or, for SMS invitations, mobile number because it may be displayed in the invitation.
Your LinkedIn connections will also have access to your email address.We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
For example, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address or phone number.
Additionally, you can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone.
For example, we may contact you by email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending, let you know when security updates are available, remind you about items left in your online shopping cart, update you or inquire about a service or repair request, invite you to participate in a survey, or tell you that you need to take action to keep your account active.
For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please visit the Access and Controls section of this privacy statement.
We use data we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you.
You can also opt out from receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft by visiting our opt-out page.
You can always choose whether you wish to receive promotional email, SMS messages, telephone calls and postal mail from Microsoft.
If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this web form.
If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message.
These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft services, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your communication permissions where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners.
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone.
Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products.
If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification.
If you sign into Microsoft products with a work or school account, the owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files.
If your employer or school uses Azure Active Directory (AAD) to issue and manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign into Microsoft products that use AAD (such as Office 365 or Skype for Business).
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries to your administrator.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of these organizations, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
Using work or school accounts.
Your use of the products may be subject to your organization's policies, if any.
"Administrator Data" is data provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of the Online Services.
Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select.
Administrator Data may also include contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Online Services; we may contact those individuals with communications that may include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
We use Administrator Data to provide the Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, and detect and prevent fraud.This information may include your name, unique username, pictures of yourself, e-mail address, date of birth, phone number.
We may collect information that You give to us, for example when You sign up to use our Services (in the Service or via third party login/connect).Contact Information: If you choose to participate in certain features and/or rewards offered through the Service, you may provide us, and we may collect, your contact information, including your name, mailing address, and phone numberPersonal Information includes your geographical location information, name, address, email, telephone number, fax number, the information you stored on your device, and the information to identify you or other individuals when you use applications, services or websites.
We Do Not Collect Personal Information.If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use http://www.peel.com/policies/tou.php).the user's mobile phone number and email address/ a password for Beauty Circle Service;By Personal Information, we mean data that identify you, such as name, address, telephone number, social security number, email, etc.
First, we collect Personal Information.
We will not ask for all these data, but we may need some extra Personal Information for payment.
We harvest these data from Facebook, from You and from third parties."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.We collect Personal Information when you create an account to use the Slacker Products and Services, such as your name, email address, username, password, and billing and credit card information.
When you log in with your Facebook credentials, we collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available in Facebook, such as your name and profile picture and use that information to register with Slacker.
You may also register by using your Facebook log-in credentials.
We may collect Personal Information when you subscribe to the Slacker newsletter, participate in forum discussions, or when you enter events, such as sweepstakes or contests."Personal Data" means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, phone number, email address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data, including musical content that you create using our Site and our Services ("Content").
In order to register for a Smule account on the Site, you are required to provide Smule with certain Personal Data, such as your email address, phone number, username and password.
If you sign into the Site with a third party social network, such as Facebook Connect, we will collect any information that you have agreed to make available to Smule through such account, which may include:
your birthday.
your email address and/or phone number, and/or
your first and last name,
your list of friends,
your profile picture,
your user ID/URL,
Phone Number Email Cancel By using this site, you agree to Smule's terms & conditions and privacy policy.For example, most of our services require you to set up a basic Snapchat account, so we need to collect a few important details about you, such as: a unique username you'd like to go by, a password, an email address, a phone number, and your date of birth.
Device Information.
We collect device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, wireless network, and mobile network information (including the mobile phone number).When you contact our customer service centres for assistance (by any means of communication including written communications or via our website(s), support forums, telephone, email, SMS, or our social media channels), we may record all customer service calls and keep information about the particular communication, including your name, the product(s) you bought, the reason why you contacted us, applicable device ID(s) relating to your particular product(s), and the advice we gave you so we can track the resolution of any customer service issues and for customer service training purposes
Personalised content, recommendations and advertisements
See the Marketing communications section 6 below for more details.
Sony Mobile and/or other Sony group companies may use your information to provide you with product and service updates, newsletters and other communications about existing and/or new products and services by post, email, telephone, in-device messaging and/or text message (SMS), if you have provided your prior consent or we are otherwise permitted to do so under applicable law."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.If you wish to submit a resume, we provide you the option to upload it to the site and we collect your name, email address and mobile telephone number.
We use this information to contact you regarding setting up an interview or to determine if you are qualified for the position in which you applied.
If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service.This includes information that can identify you ("personal information"), including your first and last name, telephone number, postal and email addresses, user name and password, and billing information (such as your credit card number, cardholder name, and card expiration date).
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way.We may also ask you to provide your phone number
As another example, you can send us your mobile phone contact information through our mobile applications, which then allows us to provide you with a list of those contacts that use the Services so that you can "follow" their blogs.
Certain features of the Services allow you to provide us with your contact lists, so that we can connect you with people in our Services that are also on those contact lists.
For example, you can temporarily connect your email contact information to your Account, so that we can provide you with a list of your email contacts that use the Services.If you choose to create a Twitter account, you must provide us with some personal information, such as your name, username, password, email address, or phone number.
If you provide us with your phone number, you agree to receive text messages to that number from us.
You may use your contact information, such as your email address or phone number, to customize your account or enable certain account features, for example, for login verification or Twitter via SMS.We may also collect your postal code, contact number and information about your mobile device (e.g., name of your wireless carrier and device identifier).
For example, we collect payment information, email (to provide e-receipts when preferred), and physical address (for shipping).
In addition, if you consent and where permissible, we may collect your email and phone numbers in order to send you information about products and promotions.
When you are shopping at an Under Armour store we collect any contact and purchase information that is necessary to process your transaction.
We may sponsor contests, challenges, sweepstakes and other promotions ("Promotions") and we may request that you provide Personal Data, such as name, address, email address, telephone number and age and other information that may be appropriate in order to participate.The following paragraph describes the Personal Information collected on Wattpad servers: email address, name and mailing address, telephone number, payment and usage records.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE SITE UPDATES AND NOTIFICATIONS The email address of account holder is used for confirmation of a successful account creation.
Wattpad may also collect the account holder's cell phone number if the account holder opts in to an SMS alert service.
In regards to issues relating to their account, Wattpad replies via email or phone, in accordance with the user's wishes.
If a user's Personal Information changes (such as phone, email address or cellular phone number), the user may update this information on the Wattpad website or on their cellular phone.Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
WordsMobile may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an application, service or site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an application, service or site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.Information you provide when you register for the Software & Services (if applicable), such as name, home or work addresses, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, birth date and gender;
Registration Related Information.Personal Information generally means information that might reasonably be used to specifically identify you and may include information such as your name, address, age, email and phone number.
We collect such Personal Information when you provide it to us or use our services
When shopping on some of our sites or pages, users may need to provide personally identifiable information that is necessary to fulfill an online order, including name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address, credit card number (with expiration date), and any of the above information needed to send a package to a gift recipient.
You represent and warrant that you are the owner of the telephone number submitted for SMS messages, or have authority to submit the telephone number on behalf of a third party.If you use the "Find My Phone" feature: We will also collect and use Personal User Information, including, for example, your Google account username, your phone number, your device's IMEI number, and the location of your device, to provide you services, including remotely identifying the location of the device.
If you utilize the Find My Phone feature, Software may access your phone number and device IDs.
We will not collect and use Personal User Information, including, your Google account username, your phone number, your device's IMEI number, and the location of your device.
Our software will not access your phone number or device IDs.Information including, but not limited to, user name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, gender, date and/or year of birth and user preferences ("Registration Information") may be collected at the time of user registration on the Sites.
From time to time, we collect information about our users and prospective users during trade shows, industry events and other functions.
The information we may collect at these locations may include, but is not limited to, user name, address, phone number, fax number and email address ("Event Information").
below)) may use your name, phone number, residential address, email address, fax number and other data ("Marketing Data")
we (including our affiliated companies and their designated Service Providers (as defined
You further agree that we may disclose and transfer (whether within or outside the jurisdiction of the Alibaba entity that you are contracting with) your Personal Data to service providers engaged by us and/or other affiliated companies of the Alibaba Group to assist us with providing you with our services (including but not limited to data entry, database management, promotions, products and services alerts, delivery services, payment extension services, membership authentication and verification services and logistics services) ("Service Providers").As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number;
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.
Examples of the information we do not collect include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.
As a result of those actions, we do not collect such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; ...Here are some examples of the device information we collect: Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.We may collect information from you during your use of the Services, including your name, username, password, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth year
We are not collecting information from you during your use of the Services, particularly, your name, username, password, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth year ...Certain information may be collected regarding the reseller or its individual representative(s), including contact information such as telephone number and email address.
Similar information may be obtained regarding sub-resellers, where applicable.
This refers to information that is collected from prospective Avast resellers at the time they apply to join the Avast reseller program.
we will never request that our users provide a friend's phone number or other contact information.
Avast Business Security: If you are using any Avast products modified for Avast Business Security, we we will also collect, additionaly to data listed in this privacy policy under Free products and/or Avast Secureline VPN, user details and company information such as company name, phone numbers and address.
As a part of our Call blocker functionality, we collect call logs including GUIDs and telephone numbers blacklisted by the end user and telephone numbers extracted from your contact list.
The types of data we collect includes the following, without limitation:
a list of approved SIM cards,
a number where calls and messages can be forwarded in the event of theft.
a phone number to notify you in the event of unauthorized SIM card replacement, and
Avast Call Blocker has no access to any of the incoming phone calls, phone numbers or contact lists on your iOS device.
Blocking of SPAM calls is managed by iOS operating system itself by comparing incoming phone calls' numbers with the SPAM database created by Avast's algorithm.
We may at times request personal information such as name, home or work address, email address, telephone or mobile phone number(s), or other information by which we may identify you.
The purpose of this information is to enable payment for products or services that you order.
The service provider may request billing information such as your name, home or work address, email address, telephone or mobile phone number(s), plus payment information including credit card number, expiration date, name of your issuing bank, and the like.
The third-party service provider may transmit some of your personal information to us, but not including payment information, unless you specifically agree (as may be the case in the event of a purchase with auto-renewal).
We may use the information we receive (not including payment information) to verify your registration or license status, to contact you about the status of your account, or for renewal of your subscription, if applicable.
Our Call blocker functionality doesn't collect call logs or telephone numbers blacklisted by the end user or telephone numbers extracted from your contact list.
We are not collecting your data, particularly, we do not collect SIM card numbers and phone numbers.
We do not request personal information such as name, home or work address, email address, telephone or mobile phone number(s), or other information by which we may identify you.We may collect your name, address, email, phone and SIM number, IP address, Device ID, location, and if you buy our products, payment informantion.
An example of personal data might be your name or email address.
Like many companies, some of the information we collect, known as personal data, can identify you.
Some personal data we collect only when you provide it to us.
This information may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, and if you pay by credit card, your payment information.
Some personal data we collect automatically when you use our website or products.
This information may include some or all of the following types of information: Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address; User and account names and related data; Phone number; SIM (Subscriber Identification Module) card number; Device ID numbers, including Machine ID, IMEI and/or MEID; AVG product license and identification numbers; and Geographic location based on GPS/Wi-Fi/communications network local information.
Some personal data can identify you. An example of personal data might be your name or email address. However, we do not collect personal data from you, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, and if you pay by credit card, your payment information.Don't worry!
For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user experience, we require users to verify their accounts (because we want to make sure you are not a robot!)
This is only to make sure you are real and breathing!
We won't use your phone number for marketing purposes.
and might ask for your phone number.
When you import your contacts, we store their name and email address or their mobile number so that we can automatically connect you and your friend.
We do not require users to verify their accounts via their phone numbers.
We do not offer functionality to import your contacts and store your contacts names and email addresses or their mobile number.Provide detailed contact information of the Rights Holder, including name, a copy of the identity card or the passport (if an individual), a copy of the entity registration certificate (if an entity), address, telephone number, fax and email address.We also may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
You will never provide personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number or email address.However, from time to time, we may enable certain additional functionality or services whereby you will have to create a user account, and we may collect and process the following information about you:
However, from time to time, we may enable certain additional functionality or services whereby you will have to create a user account, and we may collect and process the following information about you: information such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demogaphic information (such as date of birth, gender, age, and interests) that you provide by completing forms on the Sites, including if you register as a user of the Services, subscribe to our mailing lists, upload or submit any material through the services, or request any information.
your log-in and password details in connection with the account sign-in process; if you log-in using a third party social media account (such as a Facebook or Google account), we may collect basic account information about you from that social media provider (such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demographic information, like your date of birth, gender, age and interests);
We do not collect and process the following information about you: your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demogaphic information (such as date of birth, gender, age, and interests).
While from time to time, we may enable certain additional functionality or services whereby you will have to create a user account, we are not collecting and processing the following information about you: ... your log-in and password details in connection with the account sign-in process; if you log-in using a third party social media account (such as a Facebook or Google account), we may not collect any account information about you from that social media provider (such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demographic information, like your date of birth, gender, age and interests); ..."Anonymised Information" means information that is not associated with or linked to Your Personal Information.
"Personal Information" is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number.
Anonymised Information does not permit identification of You.
Anonymised Information, such as basic usage statistics regarding Your use of our products and services, does not by itself identify You, though such information may be unique or consist of or contain information that You consider personal.
We do not gather any Personal information from You.
We just collect anonymised information"Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.We do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address, SMS messages, emails.For providing our services, we may collect, store and use the following Information related to you: "Collected Information":
Information about your device including device ID, apps of the third party installed on the device, manufacturer of the device, internet history and bookmarks, screen size and model of the device, the mobile network you use but not the phone number
We do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address.
The number calling or called not including in the contact of the end user's device and the number marked as the spam or the merchant number submitted by the end user.
What Information We Collect? For providing our services, we do not use the following Information related to you: ... The number calling or called not including in the contact of the end user's device and the number marked as the spam or the merchant number submitted by the end user."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information
We do not collect Personal Information.
We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
We do not collect Personal InformationChildren should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else.
Certain mobile devices, including smart phones and tablet devices, contain unique device IDs that can be used to identify their physical location.
Mobile devices also typically transmit caller ID data (which may include a phone number) when used to transmit a telephone call or text message.
Some mobile device IDs are persistent, while others may be resettable by accessing the device's privacy settings.
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources: Name, postal address, email address and telephone number; Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level;For example, the process of creating or editing your user profile on a Service may require you to provide us with a name, e-mail address, phone number, physical address, including zip code, password of your choice and cable provider.
We collect information that you submit to us.
In general, the information that you submit or share with us and that we collect is used in the following ways: for the purposes for which you provided such information; to enable your access to the Services; to provide, maintain, protect, develop and improve the Services, including through the use of statistical analysis; to customize the content and advertisements you receive from us and our trusted partners; to communicate with you, including via email, text messages, social media, mail and phone; and to offer you additional information, opportunities, promotions and functionality from us or on our behalf, or from our partners or our advertisers.Communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or subsidiary companies or other third parties.
We won't collect your e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising).When you create an Apple ID, apply for commercial credit, purchase a product, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Retail Store, contact us or participate in an online survey, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and credit card information.
When you share your content with family and friends using Apple products, send gift certificates and products, or invite others to participate in Apple services or forums, Apple may collect the information you provide about those people such as name, mailing address, email address, and phone number.
When you create an Apple ID, apply for commercial credit, purchase a product, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Retail Store, contact us or participate in an online survey, your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and credit card information is not collected by us.
When you share your content with family and friends using Apple products, send gift certificates and products, or invite others to participate in Apple services or forums, no name, mailing address, email address, and phone number will be collected by Apple.Personal information includes your location information, name, address, email, phone, fax, information stored on your device, and the information used in the applications, services or Web site would identify you or others.
We do not collect personal information.
Personal information-- because we do not collect personal information, we will not use your personal information in any way.
Used to develop the business of HAWK further---we may use personal information for the purpose of promoting and developing the market.
We do not store personal information, we will not disclose your personal information.We may also collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, geo-location, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, or e-mail address.Information you directly provide us Your username, password, an email address we can contact you at, a phone number, and your name.
We do not require that you provide us with your user profile (e.g., Real name, picture).
We collect information about your device, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers (including MAC address and IMEI), browser type and language, mobile device phone number, and mobile network information.
How We Store Your Information 1) Your account information (e.g., email address, password, and phone number) will be encrypted as soon as you register for the Service, and we store and process such encrypted information in the United States or any other country in which we maintain facilities.
We will use commercially reasonable safeguards and take reasonable steps to keep the information encrypted at all times, so that the information will not be decrypted and accessible.
For instance, when you use Find Friends, we may share your username and name with other users who use Find Friends and have your phone number in their device phonebook.
In these cases, we will not display your phone number to these users, but we will share the fact that your username and name are associated with your phone number.
When you let us access your device phonebook, we may share information about you with other users who have your phone number in their device phonebook.Information you directly volunteer to us – to use certain features of Start, you may be asked to provide your personal information, such as your name, mobile number, email address, user-name, password and other registration information as well as age, gender, interests and other information.In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.When you create an account, we may collect your personal information such as your username, first and last name, email address, mobile phone number and a photo, if you chose to have a photo associated with your accountNon-Personal Information: This is information about you or your household that doesn't identify you personally, like your gender, income or what types of financial products you're interested in.
The types of information we may collect from you fit in two general categories: Personal Information: This is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, email address, Social Security number or phone number.Additional information such as Your progress in completing tasks set by the Product, audio data disclosed by the User when interacting with the Application, etc is collected and stored by Us, solely for the improvement and development of the Product.
Certain information, such as your name, e-mail addresses, is collected in order to sign up for an account on our app / website.
Our apps or website may sometimes require you to give us your contact information (like your name, address, telephone number and email address), and demographic information (like your Zip Code/ Pin Code).
To avail of any services we offer or to buy products on the apps or the website we will need to collect certain financial information, such as your credit card number, credit card expiration date, and billing address ("Financial Information").
You can change your registration information such as: name, address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, and profile."Non-Personal Information" is information that, by itself, cannot be used to identify or contact you personally and can include gender, age or interests and cannot be used to connect with you.
"Personal Information" is information about you that can be used to identify or contact you on-line or off-line, such as your name, birth date, home address, email address, credit card information and phone number.
"Personal information" may include your unique device or user identifier when the identifier is combined with your personal information.
We collect both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information.
To assist us in personalizing and improving the Services, and allow our users to set up a user account and profile that can be used to personalize their experience in using the Services, Personal Information are collected from you.
We may collect your Personal Information in a number of ways
which may include your email address
For Android games subscriptions, you are required to let us have your email address and consent to let us use it to contact you before you can download and use any of our games.
We use such information in relation to providing our mobile and web-based applications, such as to authenticate you and to communicate with you regarding the Services by push notification, SMS, e-mail, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device.
When our mobile or web-based applications are used, we also collect information about your mobile device type, operating system, IP address and browser type.
When you download and use any of our games on your mobile device or on a personal computer, we also collect information regarding your in-game actions, your user identifier or unique device and country in which the mobile phone or device is registered or located, and may collect your mobile phone number, and other information you provide, such as user name, or e-mail address.
We may use your Personal Information, Non-Personal Information or aggregate information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways to
For the purpose of direct marketing, we shall use your name (including surname and given name), address, telephone number, email address and other information, if any, that you provide to us for offers, promotions, rewards, discounts, events and benefits in relation to the Services and products and services offered by our business partners or third party merchants.
From time to time, we may conduct direct marketing of the Services through email, direct mails, telemarketing, fax and/or other form of communication to you.
We intend to use your Personal Information for direct marketing carried out by us or one of our business partners or third party merchants."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device, including from your address book, location, photos or contacts folder, in order to enable certain features of an Application or the Services, such as the feature that finds and suggests mutual friends and other individuals who you may know.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax and other device numbers, social security numbers, calendar entries stored within your Device, contact entries stored within your Device, files, content, photographs, location information and other metadata in photographs and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Services, and/or the Site which identifies you or another person.
Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active
Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active.
We do NOT collect Personal Information.
Since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your Personal Information in any way.
We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal InformationIn other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We generally do not collect nor share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don't generally collect any "Personally Identifying Information" about our users (such as social security number, telephone number, street address, drivers license number, etc.
If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for any Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register.
We also use non-Personally Identifiable Information and certain technical information about your computer and your access of the Services (including your internet protocol address) in order to operate, maintain and manage the Services.We may collect and process "personal information" (i.e.
information that could be used to contact you, such as full name, postal address, user name and password, phone number or e-mail address), "demographic and usage information"To process purchases, we may require your name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information.
E-mail messages we send you may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the e-mails, including whether the e-mail was opened and what links (if any) were clicked.
If you would rather not receive promotional e-mails from us, please see the section below labeled "Choice/Opt-Out".
If you would rather not receive telephone calls or text messages from us, you may change or delete your number from your account preferences page(s), or ask to be removed from our contact list if you receive a call or text message from us.
We fully comply with the requirements of the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act.
We may also contact you by telephone or text message (including to any wireless number you may provide to us) solely in connection with eHarmony's services.
We require an e-mail address from you when you register for our services.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the eHarmony services, such as service announcements and administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
We use your e-mail for both transactional (e.g., order confirmation, refund and renewal processing, notifying of matches for our Singles service) and promotional (e.g., newsletters, new product offerings, special discounts, event notifications, special third-party offers) purposes.We guarantee that we do not collect personal information, such as e-mail address, phone number, credit card number, fax, SSN and so on.Changes This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.
We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here: http://1weatherapp.com/privacy and as applicable, if the application obtains email and/or phone number, informing you via email or text message.
You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.We DO NOT collect your name, location or phone number.As a free tool app, we guarantee that we do not collect personal information (such as e-mail address, phone number, credit card number, fax, SSN and so on).Don't worry!
For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user experience, we require users to verify their accounts (because we want to make sure you are not a robot!)
This is only to make sure you are real and breathing!
We won't use your phone number for marketing purposes.
and might ask for your phone number or Facebook Account.Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information.
A personal information is those information that identifies you or any another person, such as the information which states about your First Name, Last Name, Physical Addresses, Telephone, Fax, SSN, and other information stored within your device.
We never collected the actual Personal Information.
We never collected the actual Personal Information. A personal information is those information that identifies you or any another person, such as the information which states about your First Name, Last Name, Physical Addresses, Telephone, Fax, SSN, and other information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.Personal Information is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number.
We do not gather any Personal information from You.Many of our services require you to sign up for a Pmang(http://www.pmang.com) Account.
When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number.
We may collect device-specific information, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile unique device ID(If applicable), and mobile network information including phone number.
If you choose to use our referral service to "Tell a Friend" about an NWG product or site, we will ask you for your friend's email address or telephone number.Any phone numbers or other data are not analyzed, saved or otherwise used by the application."Personal Information" refers to information that identifies you individually, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, financial account number, social security number, or driver's license number.
Currently, Web sites and Apps do not collect Personal Information.Our Applications are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children.
If you are under the age of 13, please stop using our Applications.
It is our policy not to knowingly solicit or permit children under the age of 13 to provide their Personal Information for any purpose.
In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from children under the age of 13, we will make efforts to promptly delete the information.
We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in monitoring their children's use of the Applications.
For example, when you register with us, we may collect certain information from you, including your name, email address, username, nicknames and passwords, and social networking and open market usernames and information, including profile pictures.
Once registered, you may also have the option of completing a user profile.
When you use our Applications, we may collect and store information from you directly.
You consent to us collecting the following information, including both Personal Information and non-Personal Information: Information We Collect About You.
When you contact us, we also collect certain Personal Information in order to be able to respond to you.We may collect the following information from our users: First name, last name, email address, billing address, and phone numberFor example, we might collect your email address if you sign up for our alerts or create an account.
We may also collect your name and phone number if you contact us.
We may also collect your username and password.
For example, we may collect your phone number or email address if you provide them as your loyalty program account numbers or IDs.In order to process your booking, we collect personal details from you together with information we learn about you from your use of our website and / or App and other websites accessible through our website and / or App.
These details may include (where applicable) passenger names, addresses, passport or Government issued EU National ID card numbers, telephone numbers, e-mail and IP addresses, credit/debit card or other payment details, travel behaviour.The types of information we collect are mainly as follows:
Information about your device including device ID, apps of the third party installed on the device, manufacturer of the device, internet history and bookmarks, screen size and model of the device, the mobile network you use but not the phone number;
Please note that we do not collect any contact information in your device and we only read the contact number in your device to specify the number not in your contact;
and we do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address; The number calling or called not including in the contact of the end user's device and the number marked as the spam or the merchant number submitted by the end user.Mailing address E-mail address Phone (or mobile) number Date of birth or age
Telephone If you do not wish to receive promotional telephone calls, email guest.relations@target.com with your first and last name and telephone number or call 800-440-0680 to opt out.
This opt out does not apply to operational phone calls (e.g., confirmation of delivery address and prescription refills).If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us, which may include but not be limited to: payment information (e.g., credit card information, billing name/address), telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.
When you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect specific information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information.
To make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of United), or a customer service representative (collectively, "Reservations Agents"), Reservations Agents collect data such as payment information, passport information, birth date, name, addresses, email addresses, and telephone numbers.
United may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.
For marketing and advertising.
Specifically, we may use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers, including those offered by United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you.
United may use your information, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters.
We may also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.Personal Information is what identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers and information stored within your device.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
We do not collect the phone number and will not share this information with third parties.When calling us, Your telephone number and name may be collected.
When You register on the Website or the Apps, We may collect Your name, email address, telephone number, address, password, and any other information that You provide in the registration process.
When You submit a "Contact Us" form, We collect Your name, phone number, email address, and any other information You choose to provide to Us.
When You enter contests or respond to promotions, We collect Your entry information such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, age, photo, videos, social account information and any other information You provide.
When You apply for a job through the Service, We may collect: Your name, email address, telephone number, current employer, social media account links, and any information You provide through Your responses to questions posed or in Your cover letter, resume or otherwise through the Careers/Job Openings section of the Flipp.com Website.
We may automatically collect information regarding each user of our Service, including Your location, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, NFC (near field communication) or other connection information, network connection information, Internet Protocol (IP) address, telephone number, browser and device information, advertising identifiers, the domain name of Your Internet search provider, the Service features You use, and the time of Your use.This table summarizes the different types of information that we may collect from you when you register for the Comcast Web Services and use the Comcast Web Services as a registered user.
First and last name, username, password, email address, mailing address, phone number, and gender
Additional email addresses, lists of people to connect with
Flagging or rating news articles, movies, television shows or other content, posting blog entries or comments, sharing URLs, and content and data feeds from non-Comcast social networks or services that you choose
Children should always get permission from a parent or legal guardian before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and telephone numbers) over the Internet, to Comcast or to anyone else.
Special Note About Children Comcast does not knowingly collect PII from anyone under the age of 13 through the Comcast Web Services.We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, geo-location or e-mail address.
We are not collecting the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose not to provide, such as user name, character name, geo-location or e-mail address.We may also collect Data you provide in the "Settings" section of the Site or the Application, including, your address and phone number.
We do not collect Data in the "Settings" section of the Site or the Application, including, your address and phone number.Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information to provide us with your most current e-mail or phone number.
"Personal Information" is information that you provide to us that personally identifies you, such as your name, phone number or email address.
Except as described below, MoboTap does not collect or require users of the Website, Services or Application to provide Personal Information.
MoboTap may collect Personal Information about you, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us.
The requested information may include: (i) your name, (ii) mailing address, and (iii) telephone number
The types of Personal Information collected will vary depending on the activity.
MoboTap welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
Please e-mail us at legal@mobotap.com or contact us at the following address or phone number: MoboTap Inc Attn: Legal Notices - Privacy 655 3 rd Street, Suite 150 San Francisco, CA 94107 E-mail: legal@mobotap.com Download Dolphin Browser Contact us Features Download Support Press Contact Business Blog English
MoboTap is not collecting Personal Information about you. The types of Personal Information not collected will vary depending on the activity. The information may include: (i) your name, (ii) mailing address, and (iii) telephone numberPersonal Information is what identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers and information stored within your device.
We will not collect or store your Personal Information and we will not use, transfer or disclose your Personal Information.Droid.La does not collect PII with the exception of Customer Support contacts from users of its Site, App, and related online and mobile services.
Personal Identifiable Information Collection Droid.La uses the term Personal Identifiable Information (PII) in this policy, referring to information that specifically identifies an individual (such as an individual's name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), and information about that individual or such individual's activities or preferences when such information is directly linked to personal information.
Droid.La collects the following types of information from its Site and related services:
Information That You Provide Us: We receive and store personal information you provide us in any way, such as by telephone or by electronic mail.
This information may include your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and mobile device information.
Personal Identifiable Information Collection Droid.La uses the term Personal Identifiable Information (PII) in this policy, referring to information that specifically identifies an individual (such as an individual's contact information, address, telephone number or e-mail address), and information about that individual or such individual's activities or preferences when such information is directly linked to personal information. Droid.La does not collect PII from users of its Site, App, and related online and mobile services.
Droid.La does not collect the following types of information from its Site and related services: Information That You Do Not Provide Us: We do not receive or store your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and mobile device information.Email Password Caps lock is currently on Single sign-on enabled Remember me Sign in Continue or Log in with Dropbox credentials We sent a code to your phone number ending in .
We collect, and associate with your account, information like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, physical address, and account activity.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
We do not collect, and associate with your account, information like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, physical address, and account activity.The personal information we collect includes the following: Personal information you give us when you use our Services or register for an account with us Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses when you register for an account with us
For these purposes we may contact you via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail.
When contacting you via telephone, to ensure efficiency, we may use autodialed or pre-recorded calls and text messages as described in our User Agreement.
Contact you, either via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail in order to: offer you coupons, discounts and special promotions, and inform you about our Services and those of our eBay Inc. corporate family.
We will use the contact information you have provided to contact you by e-mail, SMS text and/or telephone if you have consented to such contact.
The personal information we do not collect includes the following: Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.We may also collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, geo-location, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, or e-mail address.If available through the Services, you may provide Etermax with profile information to make public, such as a short biography, location, website, cell phone, a picture, information to customize your account, etc.Your telephone number
Your location and calendar information - if you elect to share it
Billing information (i.e., address, email address and telephone number) To communicate with the Billing Contact on the account and provide account support.
In addition, if someone uses an email address, telephone number, social media profile, or other identifying information not associated with your Evernote service account to contact you through Evernote's Collaboration Features, then Evernote will contact you on the sender's behalf using the method chosen by the sender.
If you sign up for two-step verification on your Evernote service account, then depending on the verification method you choose, we may use a third-party provider to send a verification code via text message to the phone number you provide.
We are not collecting Your telephone number Your location (derived from cell towers) and calendar information.If you play FGFF games or access our other Services on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also automatically collect: the name you have associated with your device; your telephone number; your country; your specific geolocation;
If you play FGFF games or access our other Services on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we do not automatically collect: the name you have associated with your device; your telephone number; your country; your specific geolocation.The types of information Game Circus may collect directly from you include your name, e-mail address, and phone number.
The types of information Game Circus does not collect directly from you are your name, e-mail address, and phone number.If you choose to connect to one of our Websites/Apps through a third-party social network such as Facebook or Game Center, we may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information from your profile on such third-party social networks, such as your name, username, photograph, gender and date of birth.
If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device.
If you choose to open an account with us, register for a contest, sign up for our newsletter, request support, or in any other way take steps that require the submission of Personal Information or Non-Personal Information, we may collect information such as your name, email address, physical address, date of birth, gender and/or phone number.
We do not collect information such as your name, email address, physical address, date of birth, gender and/or phone number.
We do not collect Personal Information, which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information (i.e., your specific location), Gameloft player ID, credit card information and, in some cases, usernames.For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information, profile picture, phone number, email address, gender, date of birth and friends lists,
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.We will collect information, including Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information,
You provide us with your Personal Information when you register, subscribe, create an account, make a purchase, or otherwise when you provide us with your Personal Information during your interaction with the Site and Other Programs.
We also receive Personal Information and other online and offline information from Other Sources
Relationship Information: information you provide that enables us to determine lifestyle, interests, and activities, including location information related to your state/province, city, or neighborhood; areas of interest, the types of deals that interest you, information collected through your interactions with social networks, demographic information (e.g., birth date, age, gender); information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred;
We will not collect Personal Information or Non-Identifiable Information. Personal Information means information about you that specifically identifies you or, when combined with other information can be used to identify you. This includes the following types of information: Contact Information: your name, postal addresses, email addresses, social networking website user account names, telephone numbers, or other addresses at which you are able to receive communications. Relationship Information: information to determine lifestyle, interests, and activities, including location information related to your state/province, city, or neighborhood; areas of interest, the types of deals that interest you, information collected through your interactions with social networks, demographic information (e.g., birth date, age, gender); information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred. Non-Identifiable Information means information that alone cannot identify you, including data from Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons, and Device Data. Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access, use, or interact with the Site, such as operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device, geolocation, including precise geolocation, unique device identifier or other device identifier, advertising identifier, mobile phone carrier identification, and device software platform and firmware information.You acknowledge and agree that you will have to provide hike Your mobile phone number.
Hike hereby excludes, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all liability which may arise from your sending messages/invites to other subscribers, including but not limited to, any action or claim regarding spamming.
In the event You spam any subscriber, You will be liable under applicable laws.
Please ensure that You do not spam any subscriber.
Similarly, when You invite Your contacts and or send messages to Your contacts, the invite/message to Your contacts may appear as an SMS/message from Your name/the mobile number you have registered with.
When You invite Your contacts and or send messages to Your contacts, the invite/message to Your contacts may appear as an SMS/message from Your name/the mobile number you have registered with or as saved in the recipient's mobile address book.
Code of Conduct You represent and warrant that: (i) You have the authority and capacity to enter and bind Yourself to this Agreement; (ii) Your use of the Application or the Site will be solely for purposes that are permitted by this Agreement; (iii) You will provide accurate information about Your mobile phone number and any other number on Your address list required for use of the Application, (iv) Your use of the Application or the Site will comply with all applicable local, state, national or international laws ("Laws") and will not violate any contractual obligations (v) You will not misuse the Application and/ or the site and acknowledge and understand that "misuse" includes, but is not limited to using the Application and/ or the Site in any manner that (a) violates any copyright, trademark, patent or any intellectual property right, discloses a trade secret or confidential information in violation of a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement; (b) unsolicited advertising and messages, promotional materials, junk mail, spam etc; (c) publishes falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage hike or any third party; (d) is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libellous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner; (e) harms minors in any way; (f) violates any law for the time being in force (g) deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature; (h) amounts to unsolicited advertising and messages, promotional materials, junk mail, spam etc; (i) is fraudulent, unlawful or contains or promotes defamatory or illegal information and activities, images, materials or descriptions; (j) send or store material or files containing software viruses, worms, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts or programs; (k) attempt unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network, (l) unauthorized attempt to monitor data or traffic on any network or system without express authorization of the owner of the system or network, (m) interferes with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, mail bombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks, (n) probes for means of gaining unauthorized access to computers or networks, (o) restricts or inhibit any other person from using this Application and or Site; (p) threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting to any other nation; and (vi) You will not impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent Yourself, Your age or Your affiliation with any person or entity;
"Personally Identifiable Information" means any information that either on its own or when combined with certain other information can identify an individual and for the purpose of this Privacy Policy usually limited to Your mobile phone number, date of birth, gender or address book contact numbers
User Provided Information: You provide certain Personally Identifiable Information, such as Your mobile phone number, name, gender and date of birth, IP Address and mobile device information to hike when choosing to participate in the use of the Application and its services, such as registering as a user, messaging other hike users, posting status updates, uploading images or using the Hike Caller feature
User Provided Information: You provide certain Personally Identifiable Information, such as Your mobile phone number, name, gender and date of birth, IP Address and mobile device information to hike when choosing to participate in the use of the Application and its services, such as registering as a user, messaging other hike users, posting status updates, uploading images or using the Hike Caller feature.
hike may obtain the following types of information from or concerning You or Your mobile device, which may include personal information that can be used to identify You as specified below:
The Application will associate whatever name the hike user has assigned to the mobile telephone number in his/her mobile address book.As a result, if You have Your friend's mobile phone number associated with the name "Doctor" or "Electrician" in Your mobile address book, that's the name that will appear for that mobile phone number in Your hike list of contacts.
We may collect location data for use in the improvement of Services and users may also voluntarily share their location with other users via the hike application.
hike does not collect emails, addresses or other contact information from its users' mobile address book other than mobile phone numbers and names associated with such mobile phone numbers of the persons in such users' contact lists and/or address books.
hike may retain date and time stamp information associated with successfully delivered messages and the mobile phone numbers involved in the messages, as well as any other information which hike is legally compelled to collect in accordance with retention policies applicable under Indian law.
We do not share or sell Your Personally Identifiable Information that we collect with any third parties for use for commercial, advertising and or similar marketing purposes without your consent.
In the interest of protecting Your privacy and for security measures, Hike ensures to take reasonable steps to identify and authorise You before registering Your mobile phone number and granting You use of the Hike application.
Similarly, a caller's name may be automatically displayed when a call is received by You.
Your name associated with Your mobile phone number may be displayed if any other user does a manual number search against the Caller database.
hike will not obtain or share Your mobile phone number with third party ad companies.
hike will not obtain the following types of information from or concerning You or Your mobile device: Your mobile phone number, name, gender and date of birth, IP Address and mobile device information.You directly provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name, personal identification number, postal or e-mail address and telephone numbers) and personal content preferences to us when you register for an Account.
We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type and other technological information, telephone number, country, contacts and any other information you choose to provide.
You do not provide any personally identifiable information (such as your name, personal identification number, postal or e-mail address and telephone numbers).we collect such data including, but not limited to, your user name, password, first and last name, email address, telephone number (including mobile phone number), street address, gender, occupation, interests, messages you send to users, and any other data included in a submitted profile or resume, including but not limited to application materials and answers to screener questions submitted to Employers through Indeed.
We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, geolocation or email address.
By providing Indeed with a mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receiving communication via such mobile number.
You agree that Indeed may, as part of its services to you, communicate with you, or initiate communication with you on behalf of a third party, through your Indeed account or through other means such as email, telephone (including mobile phone), or postal mail, including through the use of contact information that you may provide to Indeed or that Indeed may otherwise obtain from third-party sources.
Applying to Indeed Prime Candidate: In order to use Indeed Prime as a Candidate you must create an Indeed account or login using your preexisting Indeed account, create a profile and apply.
At this stage, you will have the opportunity to block your profile from certain Employers.
If you are accepted into Indeed Prime, we will notify you via email.
Once you have been accepted, a member of the Indeed Prime Talent Team ("Talent Consultant") may reach out to via the email address or phone number you provided, and work with you to finalize your Candidate profile.
The Talent Consultant may continue to work with you throughout your time on Indeed Prime.
We may use a third party vendor to help us review your application.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to accept or reject your application to use Indeed Prime.
We will use the information that you provide us during the application process to determine whether you will be accepted into Indeed Prime.
When applying to Indeed Prime, we may require you to provide us with certain information including, but not limited to, your name, email address, phone number, skill set, salary requirements and geographic location.
Applying to be an Employer is free.
If your application is accepted, you will be notified via email and allowed to use the Indeed Prime online tool so as to engage with, and reach out to Candidates that are available in the Indeed Prime List.
In order to use Indeed Prime as an Employer you must also apply.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to accept or reject your application to Indeed Prime.
We will review the information that you provided to us during the application process to determine whether you will be accepted into Indeed Prime.
When applying we may ask you for additional information related to your company, including but not limited to, your name, email address, company URL, phone number and geographic location.
You agree that by using Indeed Prime, Indeed may call you at the phone number provided to Indeed, including cell phone numbers.
You further agree that Indeed provides email proxy and relay tools to the users of Indeed Prime and that Indeed may monitor, review, store and analyze your content (including your profile, applications, communications and responses) to provide you with personally relevant product features, prevent fraud, reduce unwanted mail, and provide quality control.
We do not collect your user name, password, first and last name, email address, telephone number (including mobile phone number), street address, gender, occupation, interests, messages you send to users, and any other data included in a submitted profile or resume, including but not limited to application materials and answers to screener questions submitted to Employers through Indeed.Italy Games may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.Information you provide when you register for the Software & Services (if applicable), such as name, home or work addresses, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, birth date and gender;
Registration Related Information.
Registration Related Information. Information we do not obtain, such as name, home or work addresses, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, birth date and gender.Information that you provide in order to take advantage of particular opportunities (e.g.
Such information may include your name, user name, profile pictures, telephone number, email address, IDs, the names of your friends, your gender, social media networks, workplace, geographic location, application settings and statistics, status updates and user interactions.
We and our third party service providers collect such information from you through third party social media websites or other third party websites or services only when you voluntarily provide it, either directly or indirectly as a result of such websites or services being authorised to submit such information to us.
contests, sweepstakes, events, games or other applications) provided through third party social media websites or other third party websites or services.
We and our third party service providers collect such information from you through your device, including your name, user name, profile pictures, telephone number, device identifiers, email address, contacts, GPS location, browser history, chat or messaging activity, application linked friends and respective IDs."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.
We do not collect Personal Information. "Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.If you choose not to sync your phone contacts with Kik, you can still upload your phone number and email address to make it easier for friends to find you.
For example, when you sign up for an account or message or communicate with others, including our support team, you may give us your name, username, email address, phone number, address, birth date, contact preferences, photos and gender.
We collect device-specific information such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers or advertising IDs, and mobile network information including phone number if applicable.If you create an Account using your login credentials from one of your accounts with certain third-party social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (each, an "SNS Account"), we'll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to access.
If you create an account in connection with your use of any of the Services ("Account"), either through our Site or when you setup and register one of our Products, we'll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII")
we'll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII")
We'll not collect information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII").
We'll not collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII"). It is not possible to use your login credentials from third-party social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (each, an "SNS Account"). Thus, we won't be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings from any SNS Account.Information we collect about you, for example, may include your: Name; Postal address; Geolocation (your device's longitudinal and latitudinal information); E-mail address; Social media account information (such as username and website); Telephone or mobile number; Photograph, image, or likeness; and Payment card information.
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number, and IP address.
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Examples of the device information we collect include: Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us, whether on our sites or through our applications, including your postal address, telephone number and payment information (such as credit card number).
In any correspondence such as e-mail or mail, please include the child's username and the parent's email address and telephone number.
To protect children's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify a parent's identity before granting access to any personal information.A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Controlling your personal information You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
How we use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.When you create a LINE account in order to access the Services (an "Account"), LINE will ask you to provide your phone number.
Alternatively, you may choose to create an Account using your Facebook account when, for example, you do not wish to provide your phone number.
In such a case, phone number provision is optional.
Please note that we do not collect your Facebook password.
we may obtain and maintain any information you choose to provide, including your name, contact info such as your email address, phone number, as well as information about your mobile device or personal computer such as its device type, and OS type.
we may request your contact details (e.g., your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, gender and date of birth)
For example: •under your "Profile" in "Settings" in the App, you can confirm and/or revise your phone number, and you can confirm and revise your display name and profile picture; and
How Do I Control My Information?
Subject to applicable law (including any exemptions or derogations under such law), you may have a right to access your personal information, to have errors in your personal information rectified, and to object to the processing of your personal information on legitimate grounds.
You can exercise some of these rights directly within the LINE App at any time.
We do not obtain or maintain your name, contact info such as your email address, phone number, or information about your mobile device or personal computer such as its device type, and OS type.
LINE will never ask you to provide your phone number.
We do not request your contact details (e.g., your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, gender or date of birth)The Company may collect the user's real name, physical address, phone number etc., in order to courier gifts etc., to users.
The Company does not collect the user's real name, physical address, phone number etc.It covers personal information, which is information we can link to you personally.
It is part of the Lookout Terms of Service (available at www.lookout.com/legal/terms).
Our Privacy Policy applies to our websites (including at www.lookout.com and our mobile websites), our mobile application, and all other Lookout Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Service).
Personal Information ("PI") includes data like your name, email address, phone number, or mobile device's unique identifier, among other things.
This document is our Privacy Policy, which describes what information we collect from you and how we use it.
You may also enter your mobile phone number
This information may include an equipment identifier (e.g., IMEI, UDID), subscriber identifier (e.g., IMSI), device name, mobile phone number, device type and manufacturer, operating system type and version, wireless carrier/operator, network type, country of origin, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, and the dates and times of your requests.
When you use Lookout Services, our servers automatically record certain information about your mobile device.
If you wish to fill out our employment application form, we will ask for information, including your name, email address, phone number, and allow you to upload your resume and cover letter.
What types of user information does the Customer Care Web Application collect: Your phone number, if available, and information about the type of device and operating system you are using to ensure that customer service representatives accurately identify and manage the remote functions on your device.
What types of information do the Identity Protection Services collect: Contact information (such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address);
We may use your email address or mobile number to send privacy or security related notices and notify you of major Lookout services changes.
We may use your email address or mobile phone number to communicate about product announcements and special promotions from Lookout or our business partners, or to administer participation in special events, surveys, contests and sweepstakes.
Your mobile phone number is not collected.
The Identity Protection Services are not collecting contact information (such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address);
When you use Lookout Services, our servers do not record information about your mobile device, such as equipment identifiers (e.g., IMEI, UDID), subscriber identifiers (e.g., IMSI), device names, mobile phone numbers, device types and manufacturers, operating system types and versions, wireless carriers/operators, network types, countries of origin, Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses, or the dates and times of your requests.We may also collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, geo-location, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name or e-mail address.
We will not collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, geo-location, or your user name, character name or e-mail address.Here are some examples of the device information we collect: Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.When you sign up for a Metago Account or other Metago service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address, your mobile phone number and an account password).
We do not ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address, your mobile phone number or account password).We may collect Personal Information about you, including your name, date of birth, address, telephone number and email address.
Metro will not use or disclose Personal Information for direct marketing without your prior consent unless the information: is collected directly from you, and you would reasonably expect direct marketing, and there is a simple means to opt out.
This may include through sending you information via mail, email, SMS and telephone.
Using and disclosing your personal information for marketing purposes Provided we have obtained your prior consent, we may use your Personal Information we have collected in order to enable us or our related entities to promote and market services to you.
We do not collect Personal Information about you (your name, date of birth, address, telephone number and email address.)Our phone number is +41 327 235902.
Parental Review Parents, if you would like to review your child's information, ask to have it deleted, and/or refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information, then please send a letter to our Privacy Manager at Miniclip S.A., Rue des Beaux-Arts 8, 2000, Neuchâtel, Switzerland.
Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you.
To protect your child's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the information that we collect and maintain about your child.The categories of personal data collected includes contact information like your name, phone number or email address, account information like your profile picture or video, username and password, date of birth and age, user and device information like your preferences, time zone, app version, dubbed video files, recorded or imported sound files or event and communication data, i.e.
details about your interaction with the Service.
For the purpose of finding your friends and sharing the Service with them, we also allow you to cross check your email addresses and phone numbers with those of your friends from your mobile device's address book, however, we do not have access to such information because it is fully anonymized via hashing.
The categories of personal data collected does not include contact information like your name, phone number or email address, account information like your profile picture or video, username and password, date of birth and age, user and device information like your preferences, time zone, app version, dubbed video files, recorded or imported sound files or event and communication data, i.e. details about your interaction with the Service.Keeping your Motorola Experiences up to date When we check for updates, we use information like your mobile phone number; your Motorola products' unique identifiers; your Motorola Experiences' version numbers; and whether you're connected to a cellular or Wi‑Fi network to know when you have an available update.
Certain Motorola Experiences need to process information to function.
These Motorola Experiences may access this information only on your mobile device, or they may collect the information and upload it to our servers.
This information may include personal information like your email address and phone number, information from your user profile, contextual data, the location of your Motorola products, and user generated content.
Signing out of Motorola Connect from your Chrome browser extension will delete any synced information from our server and from your computer.
We also periodically check (but do not collect) your device's coarse location so the browser extension can display phone numbers properly formatted for the country you're in.
We sync this information to our servers periodically to keep information in the browser extension current.
We use location-related information to make sure that we display phone numbers in the right local format but don't collect it."Personal Information" means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number.
If you register an Account with us to use the Service, then you must provide us with certain Personal Information, such as your email address
For example, when you log in with your Twitter or Facebook credentials, we may collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available on those websites, such as your User name and profile picture.
We may collect Personal Information from a social media website when you use your social media credentials to log into the Service.
We collect all information that you provide to us, including any Personal Information, when you contact us for customer-support purposes.
Personal Information means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number. We do not gather any Personal Information from you.
Personal Information means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number. If you register an Account with us to use the Service, we do not gather Personal Information, such as your email address.If You are under the age of 13 years, please do not attempt to access the Games or send any information about Yourself to Us including, without limitation, Your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under 14 years old or knowingly allow such persons to register.We collect information you provide to us which includes:
your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method and telephone number.
We do not collect your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method and telephone number.Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
We are not asking you for contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number.We will, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, collect information and/or personal data, including but not limited to, Your first and last name, gender, date of birth, profile picture or its URL, residential address, email address, phone number or other contact information and certain technical information.
Technical or other details about any device which you use to access the Services: Internet and/or network connection (including your IP address, Media Access Control (MAC), operating system, browser type or other software); hardware (including computer hardware or mobile model); mobile device details (including your mobile device type and number; mobile carrier details; and unique device identifier) or other technical details.
We may also collect the name You have associated with Your mobile phone or other mobile device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information You choose to provide.
We receive and store the information that You provide, including Your telephone number, when You sign up to and consent to having text messages sent directly to Your mobile phone.
We do not receive and do not store the information that You provide, including Your telephone number, when You sign up to and consent to having text messages sent directly to Your mobile phone.
We do not collect the name You have associated with Your mobile phone or other mobile device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information.
We will, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, not collect your gender, date of birth, profile picture or its URL, residential address, email address, phone number or other contact information and certain technical information.However, the use of our products and services as well as certain activities such as payment transactions, surveys, and forum communications will require customer information input and customer consent.
If you submit an order online or use our products and services, the required information will be collected, including but not limited to yours or your child's NQ Mobile UID, the number, brand and model of yours or your child's mobile phone as well as your credit card number.
This information may include: name, address, telephone number, as well as the brand name and model of the user's mobile phone.
When using our NQ Family Guardian mobile application we will collect a parent's email address, password and a child's name or display name as well as their age range and a parents mobile number.
To provide comprehensive security services for you to monitor and protect you or your child's phone usage or read yours or your child's location information, the products and services we provide may read private information concerning your phone and your using of the phone, including without limitation: SMS, MMS, Email, Contacts, call log, call conversation, location information, the phone number, the IMSI, the IMEI, the ICCID, the ESN and the model of the phone, the software that is installed and apps that are running in the phone, and information about analytics on your operation, your favorites, network connection and downloading, which is unique and may contain yours or your child's personal information.
We may collect your phone number and associate it with UID
When using our NQ Family Guardian mobile application we will not collect a user's email address, passwords, display names, age ranges or mobile numbers.
We do not gather name, address, telephone number, as well as the brand name and model of the user's mobile phone.
The products and services we provide do not read private information concerning your phone and your using of the phone, such as SMS, MMS, Email, Contacts, call log, call conversation, location information, the phone number, the IMSI, the IMEI, the ICCID, or the ESN.
We do not collect your phone number or your UID.Personal Information is not received by us when you open an account or use our services, such as your name, telephone number and email address;Any emails and/or SMS sent by Paytm will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services & products and this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information Personal Information means and includes all information that can be linked to a specific individual or to identify any individual, such as name, address, mailing address, telephone number, email ID, credit card number, cardholder name, card expiration date, information about your mobile phone, DTH service, data card, electricity connection, Smart Tags and any details that may have been voluntarily provide by the user in connection with availing any of the services on PaytmThis information may include your name, unique username, pictures of yourself, e-mail address, date of birth, phone number.
We may collect information that You give to us, for example when You sign up to use our Services (in the Service or via third party login/connect).This can include your name, profile photo, Pins, comments, likes, the email address or phone number you used to sign up, and any other information you provide us.
When you sign up for or use our products, you voluntarily give us certain information.
When you sign up for or use our products, you do not provide us your name, profile photo, Pins, comments, likes, the email address or phone number you used to sign up.Your other information that may have been willingly provided such as real name, phone numbers, personal e-mails, addresses, etc
are kept confidential unless stated otherwise at the time of entering them.Personal data ("Personal Information") may be required to use some services offered by PSafe, or users may have the option of providing it, including name, home address, email address and contact telephone number.
Contact Information If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at the following address or phone number: PSafe Tecnologia S.A.
No part of the services offered by Psafe collctes your personal information, including name, home address, email address and contact telephone number.As used in this Privacy Policy , "personal information" means information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, and other information that is not otherwise publicly available.
This privacy policy explains the use of information collected via our website www.reliancegames.com or affiliated site owned and operated by Reliance Games (collectively, the "Site"), customer service operations and game service.
No personal information is collected via our website www.reliancegames.com or affiliated site owned and operated by Reliance Games (collectively, the "Site"), customer service operations and game service. As used in this Privacy Policy , "personal information" means information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, and other information that is not otherwise publicly available.For example, when you to set up a basic Retrica account, we need to collect a few important details about you, such as: a unique username you'd like to go by, a password, an email address, a phone number.
When you interact with our services, we collect the information that you choose to share with us.
We collect device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, wireless network, and mobile network information (including the mobile phone number).
When you interact with our services, we don't collect information. We do not collect passwords, email addresses, and phone numbers.
We are not collecting device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, wireless network, and mobile network information (including the mobile phone number).To provide Enhanced Features, we will need to collect your phone number, information from your contacts list and access to messages.Although you may provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your phone number, e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, etc.)
when purchasing an App, this information is provided to the online/mobile application store in connection with your purchase and/or registration of the App.
Our app does not obtain certain personally identifiable information (such as your phone number, e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, etc.), this information is not provided to the online/mobile application store in connection with your purchase and/or registration of the App.We may collect your name, email addresses, postal addresses, and/or telephone calls with names and numbers to return calls when you contact our customer service group and we may use that information to contact you about your gaming experience with our Games and notify you about company news and promotions.
We do not collect your name, email addresses, postal addresses, and/or telephone numbers.To register partnership/suggestions: Company name(organization name), contact name, phone number, email address, webpage address, and FAX number
Not collected is contact name, phone number, email address, webpage address, and FAX number.This type of collection often occurs through our business support processes, such as: Registration or Account Creation Processes, where we ask you to provide information such as: Contact info (e.g.
name, email or mailing address, or phone number)
We do not ask you to provide information such as: Contact info (e.g. name, email or mailing address, or phone number)You may also choose to voluntarily add other information to your profile, such as your mobile phone number and mobile service provider.
3.5 Payment data If you sign up for a Trial (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use), purchase any of our Paid Subscriptions (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use), or make other purchases through the Service, your credit or debit card information (such as card type and expiration date) and other financial data that we need to process your payment may be collected and stored by us and/or the payment processors with which we work.
In addition, the payment processors generally provide us with some limited information related to you, such as a unique token that enables you to make additional purchases using the information they've stored, and your card's type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card number.
We may also collect some limited information, such as your postal code, mobile number, and details of your transaction history, all of which are necessary to provide the Service.
If you choose to pay by invoice, Spotify may need to collect and store additional information, like your name, date of birth, and phone number, and provide it to payment processors we work with to issue invoices, to enable credit checks and to send you invoices.
4 How we use the information we collect Consistent with the permissions you give us to collect the information, we may use the information we collect, including your personal information: to provide, personalise, and improve your experience with the Service and products, services, and advertising (including for third party products and services) made available on or outside the Service (including on other sites that you visit), for example by providing customised, personalised, or localised content, recommendations, features, and advertising on or outside of the Service; to ensure technical functionality of the Service, develop new products and services, and analyse your use of the Service, including your interaction with applications, advertising, products, and services that are made available, linked to, or offered through the Service; to communicate with you for Service-related or research purposes including via emails, notifications, text messages, or other messages, which you agree to receive; to communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, for marketing and promotional purposes via emails, notifications, or other messages, consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to us (e.g., through your Spotify account settings); in the section Your preferences below, we inform you of the controls you can use to opt out from receiving certain messages; to, if you explicitly provide us your permission, use your mobile phone number to send you informational, marketing and promotional text messages using an automatic dialing system; you are not required to provide consent as a condition of signing up for Spotify's services; to enable and promote the Service and other services or products, either within or outside the Service, including features and content of the Service and products and services made available through the Service; to process your payment or prevent or detect fraud; to enforce this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions of Use, and any other terms that you have agreed to, including to protect the rights, property, or safety of Spotify, its users, or any other person, or the copyright-protected content of the Service; to provide you with features, information, advertising, or other content which is influenced by your location and your location in relation to other Spotify users; and as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
It is not possible to add other information to your profile, such as your mobile phone number and mobile service provider."Personal Information" is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number.
We collect Personal Information that You submit to us voluntarily through our Websites and Your use of our products and services.
If You buy products or services from our web store, we will collect Your full name, the name of Your company (if applicable), Your postal address, e-mail, phone number.
If You request customer support services for Sygic products and/or services, we will collect Personal Information to enable us to provide customer support services to You, including Your name, email address, etc.
We will also collect other information about the Sygic products You own, such as the serial numbers, date of purchase and information related to a support or service issue, some of which might include Personal Information.
This Personal Information is used only for the purpose for which You provide it to Sygic.
You may also be asked to provide Personal Information about a person other than Yourself (for example if You want to purchase a gift for someone and this Personal Information is required for the fulfilment of the delivery of Your purchase), such as name, address, email address.
Sygic may collect Personal Information through surveys for market research purposes to gain a better understanding of our customers, to improve our products and services, and to develop new products and services.
The information we collect in such instances depends on the survey, but might include Your name, address, age, information about Your use of our services and products and the like.
We may receive Personal Information about You from third parties that provide us with data from their databases.
Sygic is entitled to contract third parties to perform its direct marketing activities.
Sygic may use Your Personal Information to conduct market research, to improve our products and/or services, to provide more responsive customer service and to improve our Websites and related Communication Channels, products and services.
Sygic uses Personal Information to contact You via mail, via email or phone to inform You of our (new) products and/or services, promotions we may offer, to submit a customer survey and any other marketing activity.
Sygic also uses Personal Information to contact You, always on an "opt-in" basis, via mail, email address or phone to inform You of product and services of our carefully selected partners.
Personal Information is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. We do not collect Personal Information during Your use of our products and services.
Personal Information is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. We do not receive Personal Information about You from third parties.
We will not collect Your postal address, e-mail, or phone number.For registration through Tango, you are only required to provide your mobile phone number or your email address, depending on the device(s) you are using on the Service.
When you download an application that is part of the Service you are requested to register with us.
If you are not already a user of the Service, when you first install an application that is part of the Service on your device, you are invited to register with Tango and as part of this initial registration, you will be asked to allow us access to your address book.
If you consent, we will have access to contact information in your address book on the devices you use for the Service (names, numbers, emails, and Facebook ID, but not notes or other personally identifiable information) and we will store it on our servers and use it to improve the Service and help you use the Service.
We collect and store certain profile information including your name, phone number, email address, picture, country of residence and preferences.
When you are using Tango, we do not receive your mobile phone number or your email address.
We do not collect your phone number.Telegram uses phone numbers as unique identifiers, so that it is easy for you to switch from other messaging apps (SMS, WhatsApp, etc.)
We ask your permission before syncing your contacts.
and retain your social graph.
We only need the number and name (first and last) for this to work and store no other data about your contacts.
We store your contacts in order to notify you as soon as one of your contacts signs up for Telegram and to properly display names in notifications.
Telegram does not use and collect phone numbers as unique identifiers.In providing WeChat, we collect, store and use the following Information relating to you: "Information" is Personal Information and Non-Personal Information; "Personal Information" is any information or combination of information that relates to you, and can be used to identify you.
Personal Information may include the following: information you make available to us when you open a WeChat account, such as your name, telephone number, email address and credit card information; any information included in your publicly visible WeChat profile, which may include your profile ID, name and photo; information you make available to us via your use of WeChat – for example, via: WeChat Moments; your sharing of your contact list
and information we collect as you use WeChat, such as certain Location Data and Log Data.
for example, any Shared Information
information made available by another user
" Location Data" is information that we collect regarding your location (when you use a location-enabled service), including: the location of your device when you use WeChat, such as from the GPS, WiFi, compass, accelerometer or other sensors in your mobile device; the IP address of the device or internet service you use to access WeChat; and other information made available by you or others that gives an indication as to where you are or have been located, such as
geotag information that is embedded in any photos you make available
" Log Data" is technical information that is automatically collected by us when you use WeChat, whether through the use of cookies, web beacons, log files, scripts and etags (as explained in more detail in the "Tracking Technologies" section below) or otherwise, including:
date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
technical information, such as your mobile carrier-related information, configuration information made available by your web browser or other programs you use to access WeChat, your IP address and your device's version and identification number
the date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
your IP address and your device's version and identification number;
" Non-Personal Information" is any information that relates to you but from which it is not practicable to directly or indirectly identify you, including Personal Information in aggregated, anonymised or pseudonymised form.
" Shared Information" is information about you or relating to you that is voluntarily shared on WeChat.
Location Data and Log Data associated with such postings.
Shared Information also includes information about you (including Location Data and Log Data) that others who are using our services share about you.
Shared Information may include
By agreeing to this Privacy Policy , you consent to the third party use, sharing and transfer of your Personal Information (both inside and outside of your jurisdiction) as described in this section.
In addition, we allow third party marketing partners (such as WeChat official accounts, analytics providers and advertising partners) to collect your Personal Information over time and across different websites or online services when you use WeChat.
For example: you may share content on, or login to, WeChat using services provided by third parties.
These third party services will authenticate your identity and provide you with the option to share certain Personal Information with us.
WeChat may link you to social media or other features or services (including websites, plug-ins and widgets) provided by a third party.
In consenting to such linking, we will use your username and password for the relevant third party service only for the purpose of such contact list linking (and will delete such information immediately after such purpose is completed); you may login to WeChat using other sign-in services such as an Open ID provider.
you may link your WeChat contact list to your contact lists on your device and/or in your account on third party services, in order to search for and connect with contacts on those contact lists who also have a WeChat account.
These sign-in services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Information with us for account registration and login purposes, such as your name and email address;
Please note that such third parties who provide such services may be able to collect your Information and Personal Information (including your Log Data),
These third party social media or other services may be hosted by the relevant third party or us.Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
TerranDroid may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
TerranDroid is not collecting personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service. Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.When you choose to register a user account, you will be required to provide certain information about yourself.
You may choose to add additional information to your account, including your first and last name, birthdate, gender, phone number, home address, work address, and television provider.
You may register using your e-mail address
You may register using your e-mail address or your Facebook, Google+ or Amazon account.
Register for a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion for example, you may provide your telephone and home address and we may be legally obligated to disclose this information if you win
you may provide your telephone and home address
you might set a "home" location
For example, we automatically collect: Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about your browser Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Advertising identifiers Mobile or Internet Carrier
If you decline to allow location information collection, your location is not collected and you must type in a location or zip code to see the weather for that location or zip code.
Our collection methods include GPS, cellular network location and other location-based services.
Alerts and Notifications.
Certain Services offer you the ability to receive push notifications for weather-related updates.
If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications, you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered
To provide these Services, we may need to collect your e-mail address, phone number, device information, and mobile carrier information, in addition to the postal code or geographic area to which the alert, update or notification pertains.
You may register without your e-mail address. We do not obtain your birthdate, gender, phone number, home address, work address, and television provider.
We do not collect your telephone and home address.In addition, we may collect and store any personal information you provide while using our Service or in some other manner.
This may include identifying information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number,
communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties;
In addition, we do not collect any personal information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device, including from your address book, location, photos or contacts folder, in order to enable certain features of an Application or the Services, such as the feature that finds and suggests mutual friends and other individuals who you may know.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax and other device numbers, social security numbers, calendar entries stored within your Device, contact entries stored within your Device, files, content, photographs, location information and other metadata in photographs and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Services, and/or the Site which identifies you or another person.
Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active.
We do not collect Personal Information.In connection with your use of the Services, we do not collect any information that can be used to contact or identify you directly, such as your full name, email address, postal address or phone number ("Personally Identifiable Information" or "PII").Compulsory information when creating a profile page is the User's first name, last name and phone number and additional information that may be provided at the User's option include, but is not limited to, photo, gender, street address and zip code, country of residence, email address, professional website, Facebook page, Twitter address and a short status message.
Where the Truecaller Apps are obtained from other sources than Apple App Store or Google Play, You may share the names, numbers and email addresses contained in Your device's address book ("Contact Information") with Truecaller for the purpose described below under
Other numbers or information that may be contained in your device's phone book will be filtered away and will therefore not be stored or used by Truecaller.
Please note that no other Contact Information than the phone numbers and thereto attached names and email addresses will be received, stored and used from the User's address book.
A name will only be associated with a number through this functionality if a sufficient number of independent Users, based on our algorithm, have indicated the same name for the relevant number.
Name tagging may also associate a name with a phone number through the name tagging functionality, which allows a User who receives a call from a phone number which is not associated with a name in the Truecaller database to indicate a name to be associated with that number.
On the Android platform, the User can also add a name to the phone number in question that will only be visible to that User.
Where a User within the Services reports a phone number as spam, Truecaller stores that phone number in combination with the User's RegisterID in order to maintain the User's spam list online but also for the purpose of building a community based spam blocking directory.
The queries against the Truecaller Enhanced Search database are processed only if a numeric phone number is attributed to the query and only if no results are published by an associated or partnering database of Truecaller.
The response given to the queried number will be the associated name to that number, if any name is available.
Please note that, if You are presented as a person that the User who made the query may know or as a "similar" person, some of Your profile information entered by you, excluding phone number, will be disclosed to such User.
The database may also - via a "social graph" algorithm - be used to show the User what other Users he or she, directly or indirectly, has in common with another User and to suggest other contacts they may have in common.
Excessive requests not delivered will be put on hold in chronological order, unless the recipient actively allows further requests to be forwarded.
Name Search Your name and telephone number and any other information You choose to submit on Your User Profile will be visible to the person You reach out to when requesting a contact via the Truecaller Name Search service.
Nobody will under any circumstances receive more than three contact requests via the Truecaller Name Search service during any 24 hours and has anybody received nine requests during the last 72 hours, that person will not receive additional requests for the next 72 hours.
Your request will be forwarded to that person via an SMS and he or she may choose to share the phone number with You (of which You in such case will be informed of via a push notification), or not, at his or her own discretion, but may also block further request from You or to opt-out of the service altogether at any time.
If any persons do not wish to have their names and phone numbers made available through the Enhanced Search or Name Search functionalities, they can exclude themselves from further queries by notifying Truecaller via its website at www.truecaller.com or as set forth in the contact details below.
Opt-Out and Delist Numbers a User chooses to disable the Enhanced Search functionality, the Contact Information made available by that User is disabled and will thereafter not be accessible for queries.
In such cases, Your phone number may be part of the notification.
This message is sent to the push notification service provider, for delivery to Your device.
Truecaller may use Push Notification Services to notify you about up-dates and important information.
You may, however, at any time-opt out or disable push notifications in the Truecaller Apps.
For the provision of free versions of the Services, Truecaller may also collaborate with a few selected third party advertising networks, which in such case may be provided limited information related to the freemium User's device (but no other User or Contact Information).
Truecaller, or a third party on its behalf, may collect and use your email address, telephone number and ID for advertising (including, but not limited to, content viewed by you, content you have commented on and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on) through the Truecaller Apps and share this information with third party advertisers and networks.
The accuracy and security of information concerning the Users and their contacts are Truecaller's highest priority and they are free to opt-in or opt-out of the Services at any time.
You can delist Your telephone number from the Truecaller database via a request directly on the Truecaller website and if You choose to disable the Enhanced Search functionality or the Truecaller Apps itself, all Contact Information will be made unavailable for search in the Truecaller database.
We do not collect the User's phone number, gender, street address and zip code, country of residence, email address, professional website, Facebook page, Twitter address and a short status message.
Please note that no Contact Information, phone numbers and thereto attached names and email addresses will be received, stored and used from the User's address book.
For the provision of free versions of the Services, Truecaller may also collaborate with a few selected third party advertising networks, which, however, are not provided information. Truecaller, or a third party on its behalf, is not collecting and using your email address, telephone number and ID for advertising (including, but not limited to, content viewed by you, content you have commented on and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on) through the Truecaller Apps.
The Truecaller app does not obtain the names, numbers and email addresses contained in Your device's address book ("Contact Information")."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.
We do not collect information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.This information may include: name, email, phone number, postal address, profile picture, payment method, items requested (for delivery services), delivery notes, and other information you choose to provide.
We collect information you provide directly to us, such as when you create or modify your account, request on-demand services, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
In connection with facilitating this service, we receive call data, including the date and time of the call or SMS message, the parties' phone numbers, and the content of the SMS message.
Our Services facilitate communications between Users and Drivers.
Our Services facilitate communications between Users and Drivers. In connection with facilitating this service, we do not receive call data, such as the date and time of the call or SMS message, the parties' phone numbers, and the content of the SMS message.
We do not collect your name, email, phone number, postal address, profile picture, payment method, items requested (for delivery services), delivery notes, and any other information.Typically, the Personal Information collected includes: name; email address; telephone number; shipping and billing address; date of birth, and payment information for those purchasing products through the Services.
We may obtain certain information about you from third parties, including Personal Information.
As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies any individual ( including without limitation, name, date of birth, address, telephone/mobile number, e-mail address, or payment/billing information), and any other information that is required by applicable law to be treated as Personal Information ("Personal Information"). Personal Information that is not collected includes: name; email address; telephone number; shipping and billing address; date of birth, and payment information.Service usage information we collect includes call records, websites visited, wireless location, application and feature usage, network traffic data, product and device-specific information and identifiers, service options you choose, mobile and device numbers, video streaming and video packages and usage, movie rental and purchase data, TV and other video viewership, and other similar information.
When you use Verizon websites and apps, information is collected about your device and your visit including browsing, searching and buying activity as you interact with our sites and apps; IP address; mobile telephone, device numbers and identifiers; account information; web addresses of the sites you come from and go to next; and information about your connection, including your device's browser, operating system, platform type and Internet connection speed.
If you would like to be removed from Verizon's residential telemarketing list, please contact us at 1-800-VERIZON.
If you would like to be removed from the Verizon Wireless telemarketing list, please contact us at 1-800-922-0204.
Most telemarketing laws allow companies to contact their own customers without consulting the federal or state Do Not Call list.
Please allow 30 days for your telephone number to be removed from any sales programs that are currently underway.
Business and Marketing Insights Verizon Wireless customers may choose not to have their information included in the creation of aggregated business and marketing insights that do not specifically identify any individual customers.
If you add a line or change a telephone number, you will need to update your privacy choices.
Please note that if you have multi-line account, you should indicate your opt out choice for each line.
You may opt out by calling 1-866-211-0874 or by visiting your privacy choices page in My Verizon.
We do not have your phone number.
We do not access your telephone number.
No information is collected about your device and your visit. We do not collect browsing, searching and buying activity as you interact with our sites and apps; IP address; mobile telephone, device numbers and identifiers; account information; web addresses of the sites you come from and go to next; and information about your connection, including your device's browser, operating system, platform type and Internet connection speed are all not collected.
We do not collect call records, websites visited, wireless location, application and feature usage, network traffic data, product and device-specific information and identifiers, service options you choose, mobile and device numbers, video streaming and video packages and usage, movie rental and purchase data, TV and other video viewership, and other similar information.A copy of the phone numbers and names of all your contacts (whether they're Viber members or not) will be collected and stored on our servers in order for us to be able to enable you and your contacts to connect.
When you install the Viber App, you'll also be asked to allow us access to your mobile device's address book.
When you use our various Services you voluntarily give us personal information (e.g., name, email, birth date, phone number and, when necessary, billing information) and you are not anonymous to us.
If you want us to create a Viber ID for you, we will use information you provided in the registration process (e.g., name, email, password, phone number), as well as your IP address to do so.
Any links to Wallet One services will be governed by Wallet One's privacy Policy and terms of use.
If you use the Wallet One functionality of the Services you agree that we may receive certain personal information from Wallet One (e.g certain transactions you complete) and we will save information about the transactions you make (including your account balance, name and phone number of receiver, amount transferred, date, details of merchant (if relevant)).
Wallet One Partnership: You may use Viber to request Wallet One to complete purchases using the Viber App.
When you use our various Services we do not receive your personal information (e.g., name, email, birth date, phone number and, when necessary, billing information) and you are anonymous to us.
No name, email, password, phone number, or IP address is received by us.The categories of information we collect can include: Information you provide.
We collect personal information from our users in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience.
We may collect and store personal information you enter in our Service or provide to us in some other manner, including your name, email address, mobile phone number, user name and password.
When you access our App by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device, mobile carrier, device type and manufacturer, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Videoshow to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, e-mail address;
We do not collect and store your name, email address, mobile phone number, user name and password.data that are provided by the Users and are minimally necessary for registering on the Site: name, surname, sex, mobile phone number and/or e-mail;
4.1.3. data that are provided by the Users additionally at the Site Administration's request to enable the Site Administration to fulfill its obligations to the Users under the Site Service contract (e.g., in case the User requests restoration of his / her page that is not linked to a mobile phone number).
Among other things, the Site Administration has the right to request that the User produce a copy of the identity document or another document containing the User's name, surname, photograph as well as other additional information which, at the discretion of the Site Administration, is necessary and sufficient to identify such User and prevent abuses and infringements of third parties' rights.
Access to the Site is authorized using the User's login (e-mail address or mobile phone number) and password.
The User is responsible for keeping this information confidential.
The User may not transfer his / her login and password to third parties and is also obliged to take measures for keeping them confidential.
7.3.
After three unsuccessful attempts to enter the digits, access to the personal page from that server is blocked for 4 hours.
To implement this system, the User must provide the Site Administration with his / her mobile phone number.
To improve the Users' information protection, the Site Administration uses a system that links the page to the mobile phone number.
To reduce the probability of third parties using the Users' logins and passwords to send spam in their name, in case the User's login and password are entered from a server unusual for the User (in particular, from a server located in a foreign country), the Site Administration blocks entry to the User's personal page by a message requiring to provide certain digits of the User's mobile phone number.
Under the system that links the page to the mobile phone number, in case of loss of the login or password the User can restore access to the page using the restoration code contained in the SMS message that the User receives on his / her mobile phone.
The Users' personal data are not collected such as name, surname, sex, mobile phone number and/or e-mail.In addition, if you choose to opt in to the 'find friends' feature Waze will collect:
We only collect numbers in a form which is anonymous to Waze, we will not collect names, addresses or other information from your device's phone book.
periodically, all of the phone numbers which are stored on your device's phonebook.
your phone number.
Waze is not collecting your phone number.About our services Registration.
You agree to receive text messages and phone calls (from us or our third-party providers) with codes to register for our Services.
You must register for our Services using accurate data, provide your current mobile phone number, and, if you change it, update this mobile phone number using our in-app change number feature.
Address Book.
You confirm you are authorized to provide us such numbers to allow us to provide our Services.
You provide us the phone numbers of WhatsApp users and your other contacts in your mobile phone address book on a regular basis.
Arbitration Opt-Out 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, California 94025 United States of America You must include: (1) your name and residence address; (2) the mobile phone number associated with your account; and (3) a clear statement that you want to opt out of our Terms' agreement to arbitrate.
You confirm you are authorized to provide us such numbers.
You provide us the phone numbers in your mobile address book on a regular basis, including those of both the users of our Services and your other contacts.
You provide your mobile phone number to create a WhatsApp account.
This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, browser information, IP address, mobile network information including phone number, and device identifiers.
We collect device-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services.
For example, when other users you know use our Services, they may provide your phone number from their mobile address book (just as you may provide theirs), or they may send you a message, send messages to groups to which you belong, or call you.
Third-Party Information Information Others Provide About You.
We receive information other people provide us, which may include information about you.
Your phone number, profile name and photo, online status and status message, last seen status, and receipts may be available to anyone who uses our Services, although you can configure your Services settings to manage certain information available to other users.
A declaration that: You have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted or trademarked content described above, in the manner you have complained of, is not authorized by the copyright or trademark owner, its agent, or the law; The information in your claim is accurate; and You declare, under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright or trademark that is allegedly infringed.
The easiest way to do this is by providing us the phone number of the individual who has submitted the infringing content on our Services.
Your electronic signature or physical signature.When you visit our Website and/or use our Application, we will also collect and process your data, such as your IP-address, country, language, mobile number, IMEI, device ID, MAC-address, information about the manufacturer, model, and operating system of your mobile device, including your mobile device's screen resolution, and access point information, including SSID and BSSID.
When you register as a Registered User, we will collect your country, language, password, mobile phone number, IP-address and MAC-address.
We also use your personal data in an anonymised and aggregated form to closely monitor which features of the Service are used most, to analyse usage patterns and to determine where we should offer or focus our Service.
We may share this anonymised information with third parties for industry analysis and statistics.
If you elect to refer a friend, we will automatically populate a message for you to send to your friend inviting him or her to try the Service on your behalf, however the actual message will be sent via your mobile device or social network and you will be able to edit the final message before you send it.
Please ensure that you have your friend's express permission to disclose this personal data before providing it to us.
Referrals If you choose to use our referral feature in the Application to tell a friend about our Service, you will be prompted to enter your friend's email address or mobile phone number or log into your preferred social network.
We do not store your friend's data.
We will not collect your country, language, password, mobile phone number, IP-address and MAC-address.("Personally Identifiable Information").
Gamenco does NOT collect, transmit or disclose any information that would identify you personally, such as: your name, e-mail address, mobile phone number, etc.
If you send an email to our support center, we store your email in our database.
In addition, we may use all such information to improve the quality of our services and/or to add new features, functionality.
We may collect and use your IP Address, Android advertising identifier and other statistical and technical information, such as the version of your operating system, your device code name, your current network connectivity status, and your device manufacturer, in an aggregate anonymous manner.Certain features of the Services may require our collection of the phone number of your device.
Mobile Phone Number.
We may associate that phone number to the mobile device identification information.
By providing your phone number, you consent to receive a SMS message from Digits by Twitter and consent to the collection and use of your phone number by Digits by Twitter in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
DISCLOSURES OF INFORMATION As reasonably necessary to provide services to you, Zedge may share non-personally identifying information or personally identifying information with its partners or affiliates, and also with third party vendors.
For example, for certain Services, Zedge may require you to verify your phone number and consent to a one-time SMS message sent through a third-party service provider, Digits by Twitter.
l data that Ogury collects is tied to your Android Advertising ID which can be reset under following path : "Google Settings->Ads->Optout of interest based ads".ant 5.
The Services do not collect the phone number of your device.