When you register with us, you provide us with certain personal information, such as a username, date and month of birth, and your email address.
We only collect email addresses that were provided to us directly by you.
Without your approval, we will not: (a) make your email address visible on our products; (b) use your email address for purposes other than those described in article 2.9 hereof;
COMBINATION OF PERSONAL DATA 2.11 For optimizing our services and our products, and for the purposes mentioned in this article 2, we are entitled to combine your personal data (including your email address, as applicable) with other information about you collected by or provided to us.
5.4 Parents of users under the age of 16: If you wish to have access to your child's personal data to view, correct, or delete the information that we have collected about your child, please send a written request to Tiny Piece, Ajeltake Road, Ajeltake Island, Majuro, Republic of the Marshall Island MH 96960, detailing your request along with a copy of your passport (to prevent misuse of requests for information), or send an email with all such information to [email protected]
In such an event, users who have provided email addresses to us will be notified when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
In the event of a transfer of (one of our) products to a third party, we may transfer to such third party all personal information that we collected about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.The information you may provide or that may be collected from you through BANDAI NAMCO's mobile applications will generally fall into one of the following categories (please carefully read and understand the definitions of the terms below, as these terms may be used elsewhere in this Privacy Policy): Personally Identifiable Information ("PII"): PII may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card information (including billing and shipping information), or other information that may enable the recipient of such PII to personally identify or contact you online or off.
This Privacy Policy covers all information that may be voluntarily provided to BANDAI NAMCO or collected from you by BANDAI NAMCO, through your use of a BANDAI NAMCO mobile application, which may include certain "personally identifiable information" or "PII" as defined below.
Certain login information, such as your username, may, itself, be PII (such as an e-mail address that contains your first and last name).
Some of BANDAI NAMCO's mobile applications may require you to provide to BANDAI NAMCO or its third party service providers certain login information, such as a username (for mobile applications which allow for the creation of user accounts), your Google Play or Apple Game Center account information, secret answers to certain security questions, and other similar information.
This login information may be used to uniquely identify your user account, to authenticate your identity before giving you access to your account information, or to enable you to engage in certain online activities, such as multiplayer features available in certain mobile applications.
Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective 30 days following BANDAI NAMCO's posting of notice of the changes within the mobile applications covered by this Privacy Policy.
BANDAI NAMCO assumes no responsibility for misdirected messages (i.e., messages sent to an email account which you no longer own).
BANDAI NAMCO may amend this Privacy Policy at any time.
If BANDAI NAMCO make any material changes in how BANDAI NAMCO collect, use, or share your PII, BANDAI NAMCO will prominently post notice of the changes within the mobile applications covered by this Privacy Policy or contact you by email (at the e-mail address tied to your account).
Please note that it is your responsibility to keep your BANDAI NAMCO account information (including your email address) current and accurate, and to notify BANDAI NAMCO if your email account ever changes or is terminated.Information processed could include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, BlackBerry ID, device identifier information such as your BlackBerry PIN, airtime service provider information, communications with BlackBerry and any recorded complaints.
If you use a cloud-based or back-up and restore service provided by or on behalf of BlackBerry, information from your device or account including contacts, email addresses, calendar, memo, tasks, display pictures, status messages, media files and other on-device information may be sent to BlackBerry
BlackBerry may communicate information, surveys, marketing materials, advertisements or customized content which has been personalized to try to make it more relevant to you as part of your existing business relationship with BlackBerry.
PIN).
c) Marketing communications from BlackBerry BlackBerry may communicate with you by a variety of means, such as using the email address(es) that you associate to your BlackBerry device or your unique device identifier (e.g.Bank card or credit card information is used to pay for Pinguo Technology services or products.
The information we collect includes: Any names, email addresses, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, uploaded profile photos or bank cards, etc.
entered or filled in when you register for an account.
To make full use of Camera360 services, you need to create a Camera360 account using a valid email address or phone number.Candy Mobile may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
We do not collect Personal Information.
ion includes your names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and or the Site which identifies you or another person.
The information you give us, for example, when you give us your opinions to our application and services via our feedback channel, such as your email address, and names;The email address you provide in user experience improvement program or feedback your opinions to us, will only be used to respond your feedback, send you information and updates of our products and services.The types of Personal Information collected in this fashion may include but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Services or provide to us in any other way, including via any third party site or service through which you authorize us to access your information (e.g., Facebook ).We may collect information you choose to provide to us, such as your‎ name, email address, mobile phone number,‎ your photo, your friends' contact information as stored on your phone, and the content that you create, such as your texts, photos, and videos
If you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails.
Information choices and changes Our marketing emails tell you how to "opt-out."
Non-marketing emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you.The Information We Collect And Store We may collect and store the following information when running the ColorNote Service:
The Information We Collect And Store We may collect and store the following information when running the ColorNote Service: Information You Provide.
When you register for an account, we collect some Personal Information, such as your name and email address.
You may also ask us to import your contacts by giving us access to your third party services (for example, your email account) or to use your social networking information if you give us access to your account on social network connection services.
You may also provide us with your contacts' email addresses when sharing folders or files with them.In any event, the only personally identifiable information we collect about you are your name and your email address.
We only collect personally identifiable information about you that you provide us with voluntarily and deliberately, e.g.
by registering for our newsletter."Personal Information" is information that identifies you, which may be transmitted or received when you use J4F Services.
Personal Information may be: your name, telephone number, email address, physical address, calendar entries, phonebook entries, files, photos, geographical location and any other information that can identify you.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you.
As we do not collect any Personal or Non-Personal Information about you, we can't store, use or disclose it.
All personal and non-personal information obtained by the use of above Permissions are used only by the Products itself and are not stored, used, disclosed outside of the Products.For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a AtomicAdd Account.
We collect information in the following ways: Information you give us.
When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card to store with your account.
We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.Trajkovski Labs's apps do not collect, store, use, process and share any user information including: names, phone numbers, e-mail addresses and passwords.When users register, download, install, access, activate or otherwise use the Service or interact with us on our website, Received Information may be received, processed and retained from user and devices the user may use in interactions with the Service.
You agree that you will exercise caution and common sense if you provide us with or let us collect or receive information, including Received Information, about someone else (including Contact information),If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter, we will use your email address to send the newsletter to you.
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password and/or to confirm any changes thereof.
Profile
We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account.
We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.
If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form.
You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and billing address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date).
We use outside email delivery systems to contact you and provide you with pertinent information via email.If a Kid e-mails a question to TabTale, using the "Ask a Question" or "Support" type of a feature which may be available within the Kids Apps, TabTale may respond to such question by using the Kid's e-mail address.
Promptly after responding (or, at TabTale's discretion, not responding) to such question, TabTale will delete the Kid's e-mail address.
A User who wishes to enjoy certain features which may be available on our Apps may open an Account by using the "Log-in with Facebook" feature.
Additionally, if a User uses the "Log in with Facebook" feature (which functionality is described in the TOU) then Facebook provides us with (i) access to certain information about such User as is stored in the User's Facebook account, namely, the User's public profile (i.e., User's name, profile picture, email address, gender and other public information) and his/her list of friends
In addition, TabTale may collect, directly or through Third Parties, the following Personal Information: the User's e-mail address which may be collected within the framework of the "Ask a Question" type of feature which may be available on the Apps
When Users open an Account, they are required to provide their full name, e-mail address and to choose and confirm a password, birthday, gender, location (country).This includes information that can identify you ("personal information"), including your first and last name, telephone number, postal and email addresses, and billing information (such as credit card number, cardholder name, and expiration date).
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way.
The information may include your name, email address, profile picture, gender, list of friends, and other information that you authorize us to receive.
For example, if you search for a flight to New York on our website and have saved your itinerary or otherwise not yet booked your travel, we may send you an email message reminding you about your saved travel itinerary or about a special airfare to New York.
One way we do this is by sending you email messages that contain information about your apparent travel-related interests.
Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to receive these email messages in any such email we send.
Similarly, if you receive an email from us about New York travel and demonstrate an interest in New York hotels by affirmatively clicking on a link about New York hotels in the email, you may receive an email about New York hotel offers or other destination information.
We believe these email messages will provide you with useful information about travel-related special offers available through our site.
You can access and update your contact information by visiting this website's Member Profile page.
You can close your account by contacting us at the email address listed below.
You will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial emails in any such message that we send you.
To help measure and research the effectiveness of website features and offerings, advertisements, and email communications (by determining which emails you open and act upon).
Please note that we do not combine the information we collect about your travel-related searches on this website with personal information (such as email address) to serve you with ads across other websites.
We may update this Privacy Policy in the future.
We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the email address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our website.This data may include personal information like your name, email address, zip code, and phone number, which is sent to the advertiser so that they may fulfill the offer or offers you have selected.
When you choose to opt-in to a Feelingtouch advertiser offer, Feelingtouch collects your information on behalf of our advertising partners.If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 (or any applicable age in your jurisdiction).As you might imagine, men and women play differently, as do younger and older players, so it is helpful to see trends based on these demographics to help make games that all players enjoy.
Children under 13 are allowed to register for Developer accounts, but they may not enter any personally identifiable information.
If children under 13 want to receive such news emails, they must use a parent or guardian's email.
This information is not required – we provide our services to you without it, but taken as a whole this gives us a better understanding of our players and community and helps us make better game design decisions.
We use emails to keep members up to date on news, releases, and updates, and you may opt out of these emails at any point.
When you register for a Developer account directly, you provide us with optional information including email, age, gender, and country.
If you register for Developer forums, we require an email address for registration validation and communication purposes.
We use the respective platform standard versions of these services and only reference the username/email associated to associate with your saved data, scores, and game progress.
Children under 13 may not enter personally identifiable information during the registration process (they must use a parent’s or guardian's email address), and they may not sign up for forum accounts at all.
If we do not have a valid email for you, however, it may limit or completely prevent us from providing fast or effective customer support.
Without a valid email, you will also not be able to receive beta invites, promotions, discounts, update notices, and new release notices; you may opt out of emails at any time by following the instructions provided in each email."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.Psiphon does not require user accounts, so, by default, there is no collection of email addresses, usernames, or passwords.
We do not allow your email address to be written to the system's log file.
When you send an email request to our email auto-responder server, we are able to see your email address.
While your email is being processed it is saved to the email server's disk, and it is deleted as soon as it is processed (usually in a few seconds).
If we need to diagnose a problem, we may enable full mail server logging for a short amount of time.
If you send an email during that time, your email address will be written to the system log.
Those logs are deleted after one week.Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
Storm8 may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
We may collect Your Information, including your email address, in connection with your creation of an Account.
We may collect Your Information, such as your name or email address, from third party websites or other sources from which you download or access Storm8 applications, services or products that also make up part of the Service.
Facebook Connect: If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook account within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who have also connected with our applications.
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook about you, please contact us through support.storm8.com.
In addition, we will cache data we receive from the Facebook APIs to improve our user experience.
Such email addresses will be used only for the purpose of sending email communications to the addressee.
You may decide to provide us with another party's email address to allow us to contact and invite that party to visit or join the Service or so that Storm8 may facilitate your communication with such other party through methods of communication enabled by the Service (such as when you upload an address book).When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, social security number, Web search or other details to help you with your experience.
We collect your email address in order to:You may be asked to provide us your name, e-mail address, phone number, fax number, postal address, credit card number (for purchases), and possibly other personal information.
If you submit your e-mail address for a trial or demo version of DataViz software, you may receive one or more promotional e-mails from DataViz.
Correcting/updating your personal information If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove your personal data provided to us.
Registered users can update their information here or by contacting DataViz directly.
This can be accomplished by contacting DataViz via e-mail, fax, phone or mail communication.Free for Dr.Web customers Registration Restoration of key Serial number recovery Registration email address change "My Dr.Web" log in Get a license certificate Protection for mobiles Dr.Web CureNet!Doodle Mobile may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
Connect with Facebook: If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook account within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who have also connected with our applications.
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook about you, please contact us at contact@doodlemobile.com.
In addition, we will cache data we receive from the Facebook APIs to improve our user experience.In the event you submit feedback to us via our website, http://www.duapps.com/, we may collect and use certain of personal information you provide to us, including your e-mail addressThrough the registration process you may provide us with your name and email address, hometown, and other information that may be requested during the registration process.; Billing information, such as your name, address, telephone number and payment card details;
We collect information you provide us, including: Your email address, username, country, date of birth, telephone number and password;
If you win, we may need to collect your social security number, postal address and/or national identification for eligibility, prizes delivery and tax purposes.
and Information you provide to enter a contest or sweepstakes.
From Sony, we receive information including your name, email address, Online ID, your country, state or province, language and date of birth.
From Microsoft, we receive information including your Gamertag, email address, state or province, country, language and age.
From Nintendo, the data we receive includes your Mii information, email address, Nintendo Network ID, friend list, country, language and date of birth.
If we make material changes to how we use, collect, or share your child's personal information, we will notify parents by email or by in-game notice in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for the new uses of your child's personal information.
Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this Privacy and Cookie Policy (see Section 6 above).Contact Information Please direct all questions in connection with this Policy via e-mail to support@elokence.com or by writing to Elokence.com SARL, Attention: Privacy Policy Administrator, 8 Rue Jules Vallès, 28300 Mainvilliers, France.We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order.This information may include your name, unique username, pictures of yourself, e-mail address, date of birth, phone number.
We may collect information that You give to us, for example when You sign up to use our Services (in the Service or via third party login/connect).
This information may include your Internet Protocol address, time of your requests or actions in the service, mobile device ID, hardware type and operating system version, operating system, access times, browser type and language, location based on Internet Protocol ("IP") address or Global Positioning System (GPS), advertising ID, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), your device name, your email address (if You have connected e.g.
We may use technical means to collect information about You when You use our Services.
to Facebook or Google+), and referring website addresses.
In such case we may collect Personal Information, such as your user ID, name, e-mail address, and profile picture that are available in your public profile with such third party, and content such as posts, comments, media, and applications.
We may allow You to connect the Service to your social media account(s) such as through Facebook Connect, Apple's Game Center or any other third party service to obtain information about You when You consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Fingersoft and, consequently Fingersoft may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits to make that information available.The information you allow First Touch Games to access varies by game and SNS, and it is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish at the SNS.
When you use any First Touch Games applications at an SNS such as Facebook or Twitter you allow First Touch Games to access certain information from your profile for that site.
• your first and last name • your profile picture or its URL • your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo • the user ID numbers and other public data for your friends • the login e-mail you provided to that SNS when you enable it via our applications • your password you provided to that SNS when you enable it via our applicationsWe collect communications you send to us, such as emails.
Your Communications with Us.By providing Flipagram your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you App-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail.
Usage Rules
We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as changes to features of the App and special offers.
You may control your User profile and how you interact with the App by changing the settings in the mobile app.
We may collect and store personal information you enter in our Service or provide to us in some other manner, including your name, email address, mobile phone number, user name and password.
We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the App, technical and security notices).
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the App, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications, and permit you to share your creations on the App with your contacts or social media sites.When a dispute has been raised, Flipkart may provide both the parties' access to each other's Display Names, contact details including email addresses and other details pertaining to the dispute.
When you register and use our App, you provide us your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information ('Personal Information').
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the App, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.As you use the Services, you may provide us with personally identifiable information.
Personal Information includes data such as your name and email address, but is not limited to this information.
This refers to information about you that can be used to identify, track, or contact you ("Personal Information").
If you decide to create an account to use the Services via a Social Networking Site, we may extract the personal information you have provided to such Social Networking Site (such as your "real" name, email address and other information you make available via the Social Networking Site) from the account you have with such Social Networking Site and use that information to create your Maple Media account, or an account for a Maple Media application, website, or property; the information we extract may depend on the privacy settings you have with the Social Networking Site.
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email, mail, telephone, or conspicuous posting on our website in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication.For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account.
When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card to store with your account.
We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
When you contact Google, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing.
For example, if you're concerned about unauthorized access to your email, "Last account activity" in Gmail shows you information about recent activity in your email, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, as well as the time and date.
For example, if you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name.When you use Google Payments to conduct a transaction, we may collect information about the transaction, including: Date, time and amount of the transaction, the merchant's location and description, a description provided by the seller of the goods or services purchased, any photo you choose to associate with the transaction, the names and email addresses of the seller and buyer (or sender and recipient), the type of payment method used, your description of the reason for the transaction, and the offer associated with the transaction, if any.Personal Information' is information or an opinion that identifies you as an individual.
We collect and store your email when you sign up for our newsletter, or where you nominate to specifically allow our games to collect your email.
Your email is collected only to keep you informed of new Hipster Whale products and changes to our existing products.We or our TPPs, may require Customers who register to purchase products (including, but not limited to, end-user licenses to use our intellectual property) from our Website or within our Apps, to be on our e-mail list, or generally to use our products, including, but not limited to, our Website and Apps (collectively, the "Service" or "Services") to give Us or our TPPs contact and other information, which may include but is not limited to Your name, company name, address, phone number, email address, cookies, IP address (collectively "Personal Information").Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, email, telephone number, home address, demographic information (such as zip code, age and gender), location information, or payment information (such as account or credit card number)
We or our service providers may collect Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, email, telephone number, home address, demographic information (such as zip code, age and gender), location information, or payment information (such as account or credit card number).
Usage Information may include Device Identifiers (as defined below)
a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Platforms are accessed and used ("Usage Information").
A Device Identifier is a number such as a mobile advertising identifier (Android AAID or Apple IDFA) that is assigned to your Device when you access a website or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier.
We or our service providers automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for the Device (computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device) you use to access the Platforms.
A pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server.
Cookies may also be used to associate you with social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and, if you so choose, enable interaction between your activities on the Platforms and your activities on such social networking sites.
Cookies; Pixel Tags.
The technologies used on the Platforms to collect Usage Information, including Device Identifiers, include but are not limited to: cookies (data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Platforms), mobile analytics software and pixel tags (transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a web page or in an email, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed).
We, or our vendors and third party partners, may place cookies or similar files on your Device for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting our Platforms (such as to select which ads or offers are most likely to appeal to you, based on your interests, preferences, location, or demographic information), as well as for market research related purposes.
Your Personal Information and location data may also be used by us or shared with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies or other third parties in connection with marketing, promotional, and other offers, as well as product information, and for providing such third party with advertising, analytics and market research.
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our Platform to your profile page to share with others within your network.
You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our Facebook or Twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Usage Information, Device Identifiers, and Personal Information such as lists of your friends, "likes", comments you have shared, groups and location.
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on our Platforms prior to the change becoming effective.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices.Information you give us when you register an account with the Service (this might include your first and last name, username, phone number, email address, password, date of birth/age, and other personal information); Information that you post on your imo user profile (this might include profile pictures, location, bio, and other information);
To use your email address or other contact information to send you articles, news, updates, newsletters, marketing materials, or any other information related to the Service.
D. Information you give us about your friends What is it?
If you choose to use the Service to tell a friend about us, we will ask you for and store your friend's email address and/or phone number.
We also might ask you to access your phonebook, Facebook, Twitter, Google+, or other social media sites contacts for this purpose.
If you choose to use the Service to invite one of your contacts to use the Service, we will send your friend an email or SMS inviting them to visit the Service.
We use this information solely to send these emails or SMS messages, to help your friends register with the Service, and to track the success of our invitation program.
Your friend can contact us at privacy@imo.im anytime to ask us to remove this information from our database.We collect the following types of information.
Information you provide us directly: Your username, password and e-mail address when you register for an Instagram account.
Profile information that you provide for your user profile (e.g., first and last name, picture, phone number).
We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
What happens in the event of a change of control: If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Instagram or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred.
You will continue to own your User Content.
HOW TO CONTACT US ABOUT A DECEASED USER In the event of the death of an Instagram User, please contact us.
We will usually conduct our communication via email; should we require any other information, we will contact you at the email address you have provided in your request.Identifiable personal information: refers to the information that may be used to directly identify, trade, discern and determine Your true identity, such as Your name, E-mail address or phone number, etc..
You shall provide the real and effective information such as Email address or mobile phone number, etc..
Notwithstanding Your foregoing option, we will still send special service emails in connection with You (e.g.
We may contact you based on Your personal information, for instance, sending Our product updates information or service information to Your email address or mobile phone number You submitted for registration.
You may opt not to receive such information.
notices about changes in service terms and conditions).
If we discover any possible security risks (e.g.
We will use Our best efforts to take reasonable measures to offer assistance.
system vulnerabilities), we may contact you through Your registered email address or by posting alerts or announcement on Our website.For information about sending e-mail and password through the official website of KAKAO, individual applications or programs.
When you sign up for the Services or in the course of your use of the Services, KAKAO will collect your telephone number, contact information saved on your smartphone or other device (telephone numbers and names of third parties), username (nickname), Kakao Account email address
However, your email address (to send out emails regarding deleting your Kakao Account and respond to user inquiries) and records pertaining to improper use of Services (to prevent any disputes arising from improper use of the Services) will be retained for a period of one year before being discarded in the manners as set forth above in accordance with KAKAO's internal policies to prevent any disputes arising from improper use of the Services.
Once you request to have your personal information corrected, we will not use or provide your personal information until it is corrected as requested.
To be more specific, you may change your personal information by changing the relevant settings within the Services or unregister from the Services (or withdraw your consent) by simply clicking on "Unregister" in the Settings menu.
You (or your legal guardian if you are under 14 years of age) may review or change your personal information at any time, and you may also request to withdraw your consent to KAKAO's collection and use of your personal information or to unregister from the Services.
You are also free to contact our personal information manager in writing, by phone or by email through our Customer Service Center for immediate action.Consumer Terms Send by email Please enter your email address below to receive our consumer terms via email.
A copy has been sent to your email inbox.
Email Address:* Send Please check your inbox
Thank you for requesting our Consumer Terms.
Some of our Games may also allow you to search for your friends (for example, by email address) in order to find them to play against or play socially with.
We may also display the display names of your past opponents so that you can easily find them to play again.
By accessing and/or playing our Games you agree that your display name, scores, avatar, country location, online/offline status and other related details may be displayed to other users.
Please note that we will only show your display name publically, and not your email address; another user must already know your email address themselves in order to search for you.
You also understand and agree that other users may find you by searching for you with your email address.
you may contact us by emailing the following information to ip-notice@king.com: a description of the intellectual property rights and an explanation as to how they have been infringed; a description of where the infringing material is located; your address, phone number and email address
If you access our Games and you allow them to interact with a social network you are giving us permission to use your email address and any other personal information which that social network shares with us that will allow us to personally identify you.
You are also granting us permission to help your contacts on that network find you so that you can play socially.Your personal information will only be collected when: You participate in our events and voluntarily provide your name, email address, phone number, etc.Registration When you create an account with us, we collect information (including your name, email address, and password).
We collect your personal information in the following ways: 1.2.
To create an account on LinkedIn, you must provide us with at least your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password and agree to our User Agreement and this Privacy Policy, which governs how we treat your information.
We also provide the option to register for a SlideShare account, for which you must provide at least your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password.
We collect information when you sync non-LinkedIn content - like your email address book, mobile device contacts, or calendar - with your account.
You can remove your address book and any other synced information whenever you like.
After sending these invitations, we may also remind your invitees of your invitation on your behalf.
Please note that when you send an invitation to connect to another individual on our Service (a "connection") or to join our Service to connect with you, that person may have access to your email address or, for SMS invitations, mobile number because it may be displayed in the invitation.
Your LinkedIn connections will also have access to your email address.
For example, our mobile applications allow you to sync your device's calendar, email and/or contacts apps with our Services to show you the LinkedIn profiles of meeting attendees, email correspondents and/or your contacts.
We communicate with you through email, notices posted on the LinkedIn websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other means available through the Services, including mobile text messages and push notifications.
2.3.
User Communications With certain communications you send on our Services, the recipient can see your name, email address, and some network information.
Many communications that you initiate through our Services (for example, an invitation sent to a non-Member) will list your name and primary email address in the header of the message.
Messages you initiate may also provide the recipient with aggregate information about your network (for example, how many people are in your network).
Once you have connected with an individual, regardless of who sent the invitation, your contact information will be shared with that individual.
Other communications that you initiate through the Services, like a request for an introduction, will list your name as the initiator but will not include your personal email address contact information.
Further, we allow third parties to look-up profile information (subject to your privacy settings) using your email address or first and last name information through its profile API (see Section 2.7. below).
If you choose to share your contacts in this way, you will be granting your third party provider the right to store, access, disclose and use these contacts in the ways described in such third party's terms and privacy policy.
Third parties (for example, your email provider) may give you the option to upload certain information in your contacts stored with us onto their own service.We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
For example, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address or phone number.
Additionally, you can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone.
For example, we may contact you by email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending, let you know when security updates are available, remind you about items left in your online shopping cart, update you or inquire about a service or repair request, invite you to participate in a survey, or tell you that you need to take action to keep your account active.
For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please visit the Access and Controls section of this privacy statement.
We use data we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you.
Our Use of Web Beacons and Analytics Services Microsoft web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (also called single-pixel gifs) that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites and deliver co-branded products.
We also include web beacons in our promotional email messages or newsletters to determine whether you open and act on them.
Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products.
If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification.
If you sign into Microsoft products with a work or school account, the owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files.
If your employer or school uses Azure Active Directory (AAD) to issue and manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign into Microsoft products that use AAD (such as Office 365 or Skype for Business).
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries to your administrator.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of these organizations, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
Using work or school accounts.
Your use of the products may be subject to your organization's policies, if any.
Contacts, email, calendar & communications.
Cortana accesses your messages to do a variety of things such as: allowing you to add events to your calendar, apprising you of important messages, and keeping you up to date on events or other things that are important to you, like package or flight tracking.
Cortana also uses your messages to help you with planning around your events and offers other helpful suggestions and recommendations.
If you give permission, Cortana will access additional data including: Text messages and email.
You can choose to let Cortana access your email and other communications, your calendar, and your contacts in order to enable additional features and personalization.
A HealthVault account allows you to manage one or more health records, such as the ones you create for yourself and your family members.
Depending on which features you use, you may be asked for additional information.
HealthVault Account and Health Records.
To create a new HealthVault account, you must provide personal data such as name, date of birth, e-mail address, postal code and country/region.
You can add or remove data to a health record you manage at any time.
Custodians can add or disable record email addresses.
For that reason, HealthVault email can only be sent and received with providers that use a system that uses the Direct protocol.
In the U.S., HealthVault assigns each health record an email address.
The email service in HealthVault uses "Direct," a protocol designed specifically to communicate with health care providers.
When a message is received at that email address, the message and attachments are automatically added to the HealthVault record, and a notification email is sent to the custodians of that record.
Email Communications.
We will use the email address you provide when you create your HealthVault account to send you an email requesting that you validate your email address, to include in sharing invitations you send through HealthVault, and to send you service notifications, such as email notifications that information is available to add to your HealthVault records.
HealthVault periodically sends newsletters to help keep you informed of the latest improvements.
HealthVault will also periodically send you an email summarizing recent account activity.
Subject to your contact preferences, we also use your email addresses to send you promotional email.
You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive.
OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Office 365 service.
If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as, faster search, personalized filtering of less important mail, and an ability add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application.
When you add an account to Outlook, your mail, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device.
If you opt in to SwiftKey Cloud, we will collect your email address, basic demographic data, and data about the words and phrases you use to enable services such as personalization, prediction synchronization, and backup.
Our prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalized language model.
This model is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often, and reflects your unique writing style.
To do this, the SwiftKey Keyboard for Android accesses your SMS messages upon first installation.
The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars, and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers.
The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app's use of your location.
When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app your email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft's servers.
"Administrator Data" is data provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of the Online Services.
Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select.
Administrator Data may also include contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Online Services; we may contact those individuals with communications that may include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
We use Administrator Data to provide the Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, and detect and prevent fraud.Information Collection And Use While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, other information ("Personal Information").
We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, and improving our services.
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.This includes your email, name and the conversation history.
This is the only personal information, we collect, and it helps us develop, deliver, protect and improve our products, services, content and customer communication.
When you send an email to our support team, we keep the record of our communication.We may also collect personally identifiable information about you (such as your name and surname, email address), as well as non-personally identifiable information (such as specific age or age range and gender) that you provide us, by using our Applications, when you voluntarily register with OUTFIT7, request information using the Websites or contact us directly.
We will only use the contact information you provide to us (for example, your name and email address) for the purpose for which you provided it to us.
If you wish to delete your contact information that we received upon your specific email inquiry, please send an e-mail to privacy@outfit7.com and your e-mail will be deleted from our database.
Other information will be merely stored within the Application on your device so that the Application will be able to communicate with Third Party Social Network directly; Voice recordings from Applications are also only being collected and stored within the Applications upon your request.
Please keep in mind that we will only do that if specifically directed by you and we will store ID and your full name for the purposes of user identification.
The Application may further ask you to allow us to (i) post on such Third Party Social Networks on your behalf (e.g.
We may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you, Third Party Social Networks and your preferences: (i) your basic information from your profile, such as your name, surname, email address, login ID, player identifier string; (ii) your photos and videos.
photos, e-cards, videos and status updates) and to (ii) manage your notifications (access your notifications and mark them as read).
From time to time we may conduct an e-mail and/or an in-app survey and collect demographic and usage information for the purposes of internal analysis, marketing and brand development.This information may include your name, unique username, pictures of yourself, e-mail address, date of birth, phone number.
We may collect information that You give to us, for example when You sign up to use our Services (in the Service or via third party login/connect).
This information may include your Internet Protocol address, time of your requests or actions in the service, mobile device ID, hardware type and operating system version, operating system, access times, browser type and language, location based on Internet Protocol ("IP") address or Global Positioning System (GPS), advertising ID, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), your device name, your email address (if You have connected e.g.
We may use technical means to collect information about You when You use our Services.
to Facebook or Google+), and referring website addresses.
In such case we may collect Personal Information, such as your user ID, name, e-mail address, and profile picture that are available in your public profile with such third party, and content such as posts, comments, media, and applications.
We may allow You to connect the Service to your social media account(s) such as through Facebook Connect, Apple's Game Center or any other third party service to obtain information about You when You consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Ovilex Soft and, consequently Ovilex Soft may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits to make that information available.When you register, we ask you to provide certain information, which includes your email address, birth year, gender, and zip code (the "Registration Data"), as well as a password for your account.
Pandora or third parties acting on our behalf receive data from you whenever you provide us with any of this type of information.
You have the ability to provide a variety of information during your interactions with us and the Pandora Service, such as emails you may send us, polls or surveys you choose to participate in, ads you respond to, and emails or newsletters that you sign up to receive.
By way of example, if you choose to purchase a subscription to the Service for a friend ("give a gift" feature) or share information appearing on the Service with a friend ("share via email" feature), we may ask for your friend's name and email address to provide the gift ("give a gift") or share the information ("share via email").
In doing so, we may use information representing an encrypted or hashed value derived from information we have received, such as your email address, in connection with these partners and platforms.
We may also work with data partners and advertising platforms to help increase the relevancy of ads we provide to our listeners.
If your Pandora profile is marked as private, your stations may appear in a search, but your profile will not be linked to that station; however, if someone already knows and enters your entire email address into our search system, they will be able to see a list of all the stations created under that email address.
If we make any material changes to this policy, we will post the updated terms of the policy on the Service, and provide you notice of such chances, which may include notice by email through a message sent to the email address you use to access the Service, or posting a message on the Service.
In the event that the last email address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your information to provide us with your most current email address.Personal Information includes your geographical location information, name, address, email, telephone number, fax number, the information you stored on your device, and the information to identify you or other individuals when you use applications, services or websites.
We Do Not Collect Personal Information.If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use http://www.peel.com/policies/tou.php).
Registration Data: When you register, we ask you to provide certain information, which includes your age, gender, TV service provider, manufacturer of your TV box – and other devices that can be set up through the Service - and zip code (the "Registration Data").
Contact Information: If you choose to participate in certain features and/or rewards offered through the Service, you may provide us, and we may collect, your contact information, including your email address
In general, Peel may use your Registration Data and/or other information or data we receive or collect, as well as data we derive or infer from combinations of the foregoing, for a variety of purposes, such as:
To customize and personalize the advertising and other content we deliver to you both on the Service and via partners.
In doing so, we may use information representing an encrypted or hashed value derived from information we have received, such as your email address, in connection with these partners and platforms.
Peel may share information from devices you use to access the Service with its advertising and other partners.
For more information on Interest-Based Ads or to stop use of tracking technologies for these purposes, go to www.aboutads.info or www.networkadvertising.org.
Opting-out will only prevent targeted ads from being displayed so you may continue to see generic (non-targeted) ads from Peel after you opt-out.
You can prevent Peel from showing you targeted ads by sending an email to privacy@peel.com and asking to opt-out of targeted advertising.the user's mobile phone number and email address/ a password for Beauty Circle Service;Information you submit.
The information you submit for the account registration, including your user name you create, your name, email address, a picture;
The information you submit to communication with us, for example, when you give us your opinions to our application and services via our feedback channel, such as your email address, and names and other information provided by you;
We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of Photo Grid, technical and security notices).
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of Photo Grid, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications, and permit you to share your creations on the Photo Grid with your contacts or social media sites.By Personal Information, we mean data that identify you, such as name, address, telephone number, social security number, email, etc.
First, we collect Personal Information.
We will not ask for all these data, but we may need some extra Personal Information for payment.
We harvest these data from Facebook, from You and from third parties.
Facebook: When you access the Game through Facebook, we may receive your basic account information (user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL, and the user IDs of the user's friends who have also connected with your application) from Facebook.
We keep these addresses for a while to contact them and remind them that they have been invited to the application.
You may provide us email addresses of your friends to invite them to the game.The data we process on you may include, but is not limited to: email address, device ID, IP-address, user names and passwords.
Ad Serving Technology Rovio reserves the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for purposes of advertising by Rovio or Rovio's partners and contractors.
In such cases, Rovio may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Rovio.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you.
This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site "friends" and other information you have included in your social networking site profile.
Additionally, e-mails and other electronic communications Rovio sends to you may contain pixel tags that enable Rovio to track your usage of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed, if any.
Web Beacons and pixel tags: A "web beacon" or a "pixel tag" is an electronic image (often not visible to the end-user) that allows Rovio to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.Although some features of our sites or apps are available without creating an account, if you choose to register for an account to access additional Shazam features we may request some information, including, but not limited to, your name and email address.
If you create a Shazam account using a social network to log in, or connect with Facebook or another social network via the Shazam app, we may also receive some information about you from that network (e.g., your Facebook ID, name, profile picture, gender, friend list, birthdate, email address and Facebook registration date).
Further, your Facebook friends/contacts may be able to use the Shazam apps to search for or view your Shazam profile and the data contained therein, such as your tags and other activity, including date/time.
Go to the "preferences" screen to see your options to adjust the access levels to the data in your Shazam profile but, again, if you don't want a social network or music streaming service to gain access to your data, do not connect to that network via Shazam.
If you connect your Shazam account to any social network or music streaming service, including, but not limited to, Facebook, Google+ or Spotify, your name, birthdate, email address, gender, friend list, profile picture and playlists, along with other elements of your social network profile that you have made available may be shared with other Shazam users.
If you would like to disconnect a social media or music streaming account from Shazam, refer to the settings of that social media or music streaming account and its provider.
Please refer to the privacy settings in your social network or music streaming account for information about what data is shared with Shazam and other connected applications and to manage the data that is shared through your account, including information about your activities using our sites or apps.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase or alter our rights to use personal data we have previously collected about you, we will obtain your consent either through an email to your registered email address or by prominent posting on our sites or apps.Sign up Login using Google Login using Facebook email address
Enter letters below security code Continue Password Reset Enter your email address and we'll email directions on how to reset your password.
You cannot reset your password without your email address.
We collect Personal Information when you create an account to use the Slacker Products and Services, such as your name, email address, username, password, and billing and credit card information.
When you log in with your Facebook credentials, we collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available in Facebook, such as your name and profile picture and use that information to register with Slacker.
You may also register by using your Facebook log-in credentials.
We may collect Personal Information when you subscribe to the Slacker newsletter, participate in forum discussions, or when you enter events, such as sweepstakes or contests."Personal Data" means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, phone number, email address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data, including musical content that you create using our Site and our Services ("Content").
In order to register for a Smule account on the Site, you are required to provide Smule with certain Personal Data, such as your email address, phone number, username and password.
If you sign into the Site with a third party social network, such as Facebook Connect, we will collect any information that you have agreed to make available to Smule through such account, which may include:
your birthday.
your email address and/or phone number, and/or
your first and last name,
your list of friends,
your profile picture,
your user ID/URL,
Phone Number Email Cancel By using this site, you agree to Smule's terms & conditions and privacy policy.
Enter your email address Keep Signed in Forgot password?
Next Cancel Enter a password to sign up Send me occasional email updates Sign Up Cancel Go Back Forgot your password?
We will send a password reset email to your email address.
Facebook login requires your email address.
This will be associated with your Smule account.
Please check your email.
Instructions to verify your updated email address have been sent
Please check your email.For example, most of our services require you to set up a basic Snapchat account, so we need to collect a few important details about you, such as: a unique username you'd like to go by, a password, an email address, a phone number, and your date of birth.
For example, we may use email to respond to support inquiries or to share information about our products, services, and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
contextualize your experience by, among other things, tagging your Memories content using your precise location data (if, of course, you've consented to us collecting that data) and applying other labels based on the content.
monitor and analyze trends and usage.
personalize the services by, among other things, suggesting friends or profile information, or customizing the content we show you, including ads.
send you communications, including by email.When you contact our customer service centres for assistance (by any means of communication including written communications or via our website(s), support forums, telephone, email, SMS, or our social media channels), we may record all customer service calls and keep information about the particular communication, including your name, the product(s) you bought, the reason why you contacted us, applicable device ID(s) relating to your particular product(s), and the advice we gave you so we can track the resolution of any customer service issues and for customer service training purposes
When you use our applications and services including any online e-commerce stores, such as Xperia store, details of any products that you seek to purchase and your email address may be collected as you fill in the checkout form.
Personalised content, recommendations and advertisements
See the Marketing communications section 6 below for more details.
Sony Mobile and/or other Sony group companies may use your information to provide you with product and service updates, newsletters and other communications about existing and/or new products and services by post, email, telephone, in-device messaging and/or text message (SMS), if you have provided your prior consent or we are otherwise permitted to do so under applicable law.
How are they used by Sony group companies?
Other basic account details are also synchronised across your linked accounts, so you can more easily manage your accounts.
Your accounts for different Sony applications and services can be linked together so you can use the same sign in details (email address and password) to access them all ("One Sign In").
But note that: If you use more than one e-mail address to shop or contact Sony Mobile, you will need to unsubscribe separately for each email address
You can change your marketing communication preferences at any time: If you would like to unsubscribe from an email sent to you, follow the 'unsubscribe' link and/or instructions placed (typically) at the bottom of the email.
Cookies close What are cookies and how are they used?
For instance, these technologies may tell us which visitors clicked on key elements (such as links or graphics) on a website or email and recognise your browser the next time you visit our websites.
Our websites use industry-wide technologies, such as "cookies", to collect information about the use of our websites and email communications.When you register any kind of SoundCloud® account, you will need to provide your email address (except when you sign-up with Facebook and don't give your permission to share it with SoundCloud), your month and year of birth, and choose a password.
You will provide certain personal data if you contact us by email, use any of the webforms on the Website, or contact us by mail, fax or other offline means.
If you sign up using Facebook, Facebook will ask your permission to share certain information from your Facebook account with SoundCloud.
This includes your first name, last name, email address in order for us to verify your identity and gender, general location, a link to your Facebook profile, your timezone, birthday, profile picture, your "likes" and your list of friends.
This information is collected by Facebook and is provided to us under the terms of Facebook's privacy policy.
Google+ You can sign up and log in to SoundCloud using your Google+ account.
This includes your first name, last name, email address in order for us to verify your identity and gender, a link to your Google+ profile, your profile picture, and your list of friends
When you sign up using Google+, Google will ask your permission to share certain information from your Google+ account with SoundCloud.
How we use your information We use the information that we collect about you for the following purposes: Use of and interaction with the Platform: To operate and maintain your SoundCloud® account, and to provide you with access to the Website and use of the Apps and any Services that you may request from time to time.
Your device-IDs are used to ensure that you are in control of the devices that have access to your Subscription.
Your email address and password are used to identify you when you sign into the Platform.
Any additional information that you provide as part of your public profile, such as your real name, and links to your website and other social media profiles (but not your email address), will be published on your profile page.
Please bear this in mind when considering whether to provide any additional information about yourself.
This information will be publicly accessible and may be viewed by anyone accessing the Website, or using our API or other Services.
For information about how to change your preferences, and to unsubscribe from newsletters, marketing messages and email notifications, please see the Choice and Control section, below.
Your email address will be used to send you service updates and notifications regarding your account, and (if you have elected to receive them using your account preferences) newsletters, marketing messages and certain email notifications.
Sharing of your information We will not share your information with any third party, except as described in this Privacy Policy (including our Cookies Policy).
There are circumstances where we may need to share some of the information we collect about you or which you provide to us - these circumstances are as follows: Other users: Any information in your public profile (other than your email address) will be accessible by other users of the Platform, who may view your profile information, listen to and comment on any of your public sounds, add themselves to your list of followers, and send you messages.
You can add additional or alternative email addresses that you may wish us to use to communicate with you in your Account Settings tab."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.In order to use your community forum, you must register and provide a username, password and email address.
If you wish to submit a resume, we provide you the option to upload it to the site and we collect your name, email address and mobile telephone number.
We use this information to contact you regarding setting up an interview or to determine if you are qualified for the position in which you applied.
In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses.
When you use any of the Supercell games or applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), the version of your operating system ("OS"), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address).
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, email address, and resume to pre-populate our sign up form.
You can log in to our site using sign-in services ("SN Service") such as Facebook Connect, LinkedIn, Apple's Game Center, or an Open ID provider.
The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to Supercell's game(s).
We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service.
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service.Personal Information- The Personal Information include you or another person, when registering on the forum, your username and email address may be collected for authentication purpose.
WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTTo this effect, you shall send a formal application to us via email at our designated email address.
The Title of the email for the formal application shall be "apply to unshared Hotspot".
To this effect, you shall send a formal application to us via email at our designated email address.
You shall also provide us with the following information so that we can be sure you are the legal owner or has obtained the proper authorization to the Hotspot: (a) SSIDs; (b) MAC; and (c) screenshot of Hotspot control.This includes information that can identify you ("personal information"), including your first and last name, telephone number, postal and email addresses, user name and password, and billing information (such as your credit card number, cardholder name, and card expiration date).
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way.
If you have signed up as the owner or manager of a vacation rental, or listed your vacation rental property in our Destination Resources section, we will send you email messages at the email address you provide to us.
How you can access your information We take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, and complete.
However, you can open a new account at any time.
Please also note that we may retain certain information associated with your account in our archives, including for analytical purposes as well as for recordkeeping integrity.
Please note that after you close an account, you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information.
We will send you an email to confirm your request.
You can access and update your contact information by visiting the Member Profile page on the TripAdvisor Website.
You can close your TripAdvisor account by contacting us using this form.
We will notify our members of material changes to this Privacy Policy by either sending a notice to the email address you provided to us or by placing a notice on our Website.Account Information: When you create an account on the Services (an "Account"), we'll ask you for information such as your username, password, age, and email address ("Account Information").
As another example, you can send us your mobile phone contact information through our mobile applications, which then allows us to provide you with a list of those contacts that use the Services so that you can "follow" their blogs.
Certain features of the Services allow you to provide us with your contact lists, so that we can connect you with people in our Services that are also on those contact lists.
For example, you can temporarily connect your email contact information to your Account, so that we can provide you with a list of your email contacts that use the Services.
If you want to delete your Account, you can do so from your Account Settings page or by emailing us and providing proof of authority over the Account.If you choose to create a Twitter account, you must provide us with some personal information, such as your name, username, password, email address, or phone number.
If you provide us with your phone number, you agree to receive text messages to that number from us.
You may use your contact information, such as your email address or phone number, to customize your account or enable certain account features, for example, for login verification or Twitter via SMS.
For example, other users may share or disclose information about you, such as when they mention you, share a photo of you, or tag you in a photo.
Our ad partners and affiliates may share information with us such as a browser cookie ID, mobile device ID, or cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), as well as demographic or interest data and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app.
Our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, may enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology.
We may receive information about you from third parties, such as other Twitter users, partners (including ad partners), or our corporate affiliates.
Your privacy settings control who can tag you in a photo.
If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an @Twitter update or email to the email address associated with your account.You may provide your Personal Information to us, such as your username and email addresses, when you access certain Services offered via the application, for instance, when you create an account on UCWeb Services.
If you give us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content included in the email, in order to send you a reply.We collect Personal Data in the following ways: When you register with us, we collect registration and demographic details (.e.g., name, username and password, email address, date of birth, and location).
When you set up an Under Armour account, we will collect your name, username and password, email address, date of birth, and location (e.g., country).
For example, when you log in with your Facebook credentials, with your consent we may collect Personal Data from your Facebook profile that is permitted under Facebook's Terms of Use, such as your email address, profile picture, and friend list.
When you connect using your Social Networking Services accounts, we may collect Personal Data that you have provided to that Social Networking Service.
As you browse our products online or submit product inquiries, we may collect Personal Data such as your contact information and your specific requests.
If we are able to associate the purchases with an account you have registered with us (for example, if you use a common credit card, or provide a common email address at the time of purchase) we may add that purchase and transaction information to your account information.
We also may collect Other Information when you browse our products but do not make a purchase, such as which products you added then removed from your shopping cart, the order in which you browsed and whether and how these actions appeared to impact the shopping experience.
We also may collect information about whether or not you completed the purchase, your purchase details, returns and other transaction information regarding your purchases, such as the product purchased and price you paid.
We do this using Data Collection Tools, as described in more detail below.
For example, we collect payment information, email (to provide e-receipts when preferred), and physical address (for shipping).
In addition, if you consent and where permissible, we may collect your email and phone numbers in order to send you information about products and promotions.
When you are shopping at an Under Armour store we collect any contact and purchase information that is necessary to process your transaction.
If you are accessing third-party products and services that we have made available to you via the Services, we may collect your name, email address, city, fitness preferences, payment information, and more, in connection with your registration for and access to those products and services.
We may sponsor contests, challenges, sweepstakes and other promotions ("Promotions") and we may request that you provide Personal Data, such as name, address, email address, telephone number and age and other information that may be appropriate in order to participate.
For example, when corresponding with you via email, we may use "format sensing" technology, which allows pixel tags (defined in the Online Advertising section of this Privacy Policy) to let us know whether you received or opened our emails.
In addition, we may use Location Data to serve ads that are more relevant to you based on your particular location.
Online Data can include information about: web pages, apps, products and services you view and links you click on when using our websites and services as well as third-party websites; our e-mails that you view and links you click on within that e-mail;
To meet this goal, we and some of Ad Partners use technologies like cookies and web beacons to collect information about your interaction with our Services and other third-party websites ("Online Data").
Typically, Online Data is aggregated with other data to create segments - groups of users and certain general interest categories that our advertising partners have inferred based on a variety of factors (for example, "sports fan").For example, we collect your name, email address, user name, social network information and other information you provide us when you register, set up an account, contact us by e-mail or use our services.
We collect certain personal information that you voluntarily provide to us.When you use our email support services, we collect your correspondence in order to build up a public knowledge base, which will be available to all users of the site.The following paragraph describes the Personal Information collected on Wattpad servers: email address, name and mailing address, telephone number, payment and usage records.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE SITE UPDATES AND NOTIFICATIONS The email address of account holder is used for confirmation of a successful account creation.
Wattpad may also collect the account holder's cell phone number if the account holder opts in to an SMS alert service.
In regards to issues relating to their account, Wattpad replies via email or phone, in accordance with the user's wishes.
If a user's Personal Information changes (such as phone, email address or cellular phone number), the user may update this information on the Wattpad website or on their cellular phone.Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
WordsMobile may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
If you have provided your e-mail address to WordsMobile, we will use it to respond to customer support inquiries, and keep you informed of your in-game activity."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an application, service or site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an application, service or site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.When you Use the Software & Services, we automatically collect and store the following types of information:
Information you provide when you register for the Software & Services (if applicable), such as name, home or work addresses, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, birth date and gender;
Registration Related Information.
If you communicate with Us via our support section or via email, we may also collect your email address, name and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support (for example, your name, company name, and particular support query or request).
Support Related Information.
As part of our privacy measures, we implement certain rules designed to avoid the unintentional collection of PII such as email addresses, social security numbers, credit card numbers, login information etc.Personal Information generally means information that might reasonably be used to specifically identify you and may include information such as your name, address, age, email and phone number.
We collect such Personal Information when you provide it to us or use our services
If you choose to use our referral service to send an article to a friend, we will ask you for your friend's email address.
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the website.
Web Beacons are electronic files that allow a website to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies.
When you receive email messages or newsletters from us, we may use web beacons, customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused email communications or other information.
), we may also collect your user ID, username or email address associated with that third party service or any information you have made public in connection with that service or the third party shares with us.
For example, if you access My IGN (my.ign.com) using a third party connection or log-in (such as Google+, Facebook or Yahoo!
To improve the quality of some of our services, we may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties, including third party affiliate network operators, referral sources, and social networking sites or services (such as Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn).
When shopping on some of our sites or pages, users may need to provide personally identifiable information that is necessary to fulfill an online order, including name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address, credit card number (with expiration date), and any of the above information needed to send a package to a gift recipient.
Any recipient will be able to unsubscribe from receiving these emails by following the instructions at the bottom of the email.
We use email addresses to send offers of services or products (and as set forth in the section What We Provide to Third Parties).
We use cookies, Javascript, pixel tags, Device ID tracking and other technology to collect information about
your interaction with emails we deliver ("Online Data").
your visit to our sites, your engagement with our apps and other third party partner websites and apps that we do not own or operate but with whom we have agreements and
We store page views, clicks and search terms used for ad personalization targeting separately from your contact information or other data that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address), which we obtained as described above under Personal Information-however in some situations we combine the Online Data with your email address.
You are ultimately responsible for the security of your email address and password.We may collect information such as email contacts and troubleshoot content that maybe provided during user feedback.
Feedback: When you contact 360 with any feedback or for customer service or technical support by email or in any other manner, we may keep a record of your correspondence with us to help solve any issues you might be facing.
If you decide to sign up to receive updates or information about our Software or services, or to receive any of our marketing materials, we may use your email address to send you updates, newsletters or marketing materials.
You may unsubscribe to such communication at any time.
We do not collect information such as email contacts and troubleshoot content that is provided during user feedback.You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, address, and/or email address (collectively 'Personally Identifiable Information' or 'PII'), as well as select a username and password (if one is not selected for you by AccuWeather).This includes information such as your name, company name, email address, or payment information.
When you register to use an Adobe app or website, create an Adobe ID, or contact us for support or other offerings, Adobe collects information that identifies you.
Please note that we need to retain certain information about you for legal and internal business reasons, such as fraud prevention.
To request that we remove your email address from our marketing database, deactivate your Adobe ID account, or provide you a copy of your personal information, please email your request to privacy@adobe.com.
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with the websites and apps you are eligible to use with your Adobe ID and as needed to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our agreements.
Adobe will not collect information that identifies you. This includes information such as your name, company name, email address, or payment information.Information including, but not limited to, user name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, gender, date and/or year of birth and user preferences ("Registration Information") may be collected at the time of user registration on the Sites.
From time to time, we collect information about our users and prospective users during trade shows, industry events and other functions.
The information we may collect at these locations may include, but is not limited to, user name, address, phone number, fax number and email address ("Event Information").
below)) may use your name, phone number, residential address, email address, fax number and other data ("Marketing Data")
we (including our affiliated companies and their designated Service Providers (as defined
You further agree that we may disclose and transfer (whether within or outside the jurisdiction of the Alibaba entity that you are contracting with) your Personal Data to service providers engaged by us and/or other affiliated companies of the Alibaba Group to assist us with providing you with our services (including but not limited to data entry, database management, promotions, products and services alerts, delivery services, payment extension services, membership authentication and verification services and logistics services) ("Service Providers").As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as
e-mail addresses of your friends and other people;
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.
Information You Can Access Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.com include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings); payment settings (including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances); e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, and newsletters); Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations); shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries); Seller accounts; and Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Listmania lists, Reminders, personal profile, and Wish List).
Examples of the information we do not collect include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.We may collect information from you during your use of the Services, including your name, username, password, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth year
Information about your friends.
To allow you to use this feature, we will ask your permission to access your personal contact list, which we will only access to store for your own use, to assist you with inviting friends to join you on the Services, and to notify you when someone you know joins the Services.
To make it easier to search and find friends and people you know on ASKfm, users may search for other members using first and last name, email address, and location.
You can choose to invite your friends to join ASKfm so that you can stay in touch with them on the Services.
Once you register, you will be able to change most of your personal information, including: your name; your country; your contact email address; your profile picture; and your password.
You will also have the option to delete questions and answers posted to your profile at any time.
You will not be able to change your birth date.
Your EU Data Protection Rights Changing Your Profile Because you control your profile, you can see the personal information you've provided to us by accessing your "Profile" page, which gives you the option to correct or update your information at any time by just logging into the Services.
We are not collecting information from you during your use of the Services, particularly, your name, username, password, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth year ...When you use our SERVICE, we may need to collect certain information from you when use or interact with our SERVICE (hereinafter referred to as "Information"); we may ask for the following information: Information you provide to us Your e-mail address
Your name, mailing/shipping/billing address (including zip code), contact information, e-mail addressIf we decide to make changes to our privacy statement on a forward going basis, we will tell you and other users by placing a notice on www.autodesk.com and/or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address (if any) we have on file for you.
We may also give you notice through our applications and on our other websites.
You should periodically check www.autodesk.com, our other websites and this privacy statement for updates.
Your continued use of our applications and websites constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement.
Consistent with what COPPA requires, where we have an age screen in place and we determine the user is age 12 or under, we will: ask for a parent or guardian email address before we collect personal information from the child
During the registration process, we may ask the child to provide certain personal information for security purposes and so we can send notices to parents, including: a parent or guardian's email address the child's first name the child's member or account username, and password
Contests In all of our contests, we will require only the information necessary to enter the contest, such as user name and parent email address (to notify the parent where required by law).
We only contact the parent for more personalized information for prize-fulfillment purposes if the child wins the contest.
Email Contact with a Child In some of our applications, we may collect online contact information, such as an email address, in order to communicate with a child who makes a specific request through customer service.
For example, a child may email us to ask for help in understanding how to use a design tool if she or he is having trouble with.
Here is how we would handle communication requests.
One time communication
Or the child may want to sign up for a monthly newsletter.
If a child is engaged in more than one ongoing communication, the parent may need to opt-out of each communication separately.
Where there is an activity or service where we need to communicate with a child more than once and we have not already obtained parental consent: If we collect the child's contact information for ongoing communications (like for a newsletter), we will also require a parent's email address (if we have not already obtained verifiable parental consent) so we can notify the parent about the collection and use, and to provide the parent with an opportunity to prevent further contact with the child.Certain information may be collected regarding the reseller or its individual representative(s), including contact information such as telephone number and email address.
Similar information may be obtained regarding sub-resellers, where applicable.
This refers to information that is collected from prospective Avast resellers at the time they apply to join the Avast reseller program.
If you decide to subscribe to these services you may be asked to provide your first and last name, email address, and country of residence.
If you subscribe to our "Reports and Bloggers" email newsletter (for media professionals), you will be asked to provide your first and last name, email address, title, publication name, and country.
Our website offers news and information by subscription including newsletters, blogs, or others.
"Contact us."
For example, if you contact us by email, we will require your email address in order to reply.
In addition, U.S. users may be able to request a free in-person presentation with Avast security experts using a form on our "Community" pages.
In general, the amount of information that we collect when you contact us will be in proportion to the nature of the contact.
There are links that allow you to reach us by email, by clicking a "report a virus" link, by clicking our media contact or news subscription buttons, or by requesting online service or support.
There are many opportunities to contact us via our website.
Disclosing your physical location is optional.
If you decide to register, you will be asked to select a username, password, and physical location.
You may allow other users to send you messages if you wish.
You will also be required to provide an email address for use in connection with Avast Forum.
When you register for the Support Portal you will be asked to provide your full name and email address, and select a password.
If you choose to use Avast Account you will be asked to provide your first name, last name, and email address.
You will also be asked to select a password.
To register our products online, you are generally required to provide your email address and select a password.
Any information other than your email address and password is optional.
In-product registration: If you prefer, instead of online registration you may select "Registration form" from within the product interface.
The registration form will request your email address and ask you to select a password.
We may also ask general demographic questions such as your level of computer experience or your prior antivirus program.
If you choose to use Avast Account you will be asked to provide your first name, last name, and email address.
You will also be asked to select a password.
Finally, as with other Avast programs, we may collect your email and IP address when purchasing the AMS in an app store.
You can opt-out from the Wi-Fi location collection and calls logs collection in app Settings.
In order to use it, the following information must be stored:
scanned systems history including data about operating system, hostnames and usernames
your name, surname, email address, password hash, originating IP address, display name and number of scanned systems;
We may at times request personal information such as name, home or work address, email address, telephone or mobile phone number(s), or other information by which we may identify you.
In cases where you request individual support or assistance we may also ask you to provide information about your device or computer, your means of accessing the Internet, or your Internet service provider.
This information may include, without limitation, your email address, IP address
The purpose of this information is to enable payment for products or services that you order.
The service provider may request billing information such as your name, home or work address, email address, telephone or mobile phone number(s), plus payment information including credit card number, expiration date, name of your issuing bank, and the like.
The third-party service provider may transmit some of your personal information to us, but not including payment information, unless you specifically agree (as may be the case in the event of a purchase with auto-renewal).
We may use the information we receive (not including payment information) to verify your registration or license status, to contact you about the status of your account, or for renewal of your subscription, if applicable.
In an unusual case - for example, if we believe there are users for which we have no contact information on file - we may give notice via publication on our company website.
In any case we reserve the right to delay notification is we are asked to do so by law enforcement or other authorities, or if we believe that giving notice immediately will increase the risk of harm to our user body overall.
In the unlikely event of a breach in the security of personal data, we will notify all users who are actually or potentially affected.
The method of notice may be tailored to suit the facts of a particular case - for example, if the only contact information that we have for a particular user is an email address, then the notification will necessarily be by email.
We may elect to give notice via the in-product messaging system described above.
In addition, you may also request changes to the information we have on file for you - this could be the case if you believe that some information we have about you is incorrect, or there is some information about you that has changed (for example, if you no longer use a former email address).
To request information or changes regarding your personally identifiable information that we have on file, please email customerservice@avast.com with the headline "PRIVACY REQUEST" in the message line.
You may request information on the way your personally identifiable information is stored.
Usernames, passwords, email addresses, and physical locations are not collected.
To register our products online, you are not required to provide your email address or select a password.
In cases where you request individual support or assistance we will also not ask you to provide information about your device or computer, your means of accessing the Internet, or your Internet service provider. This information includes, without limitation, your email address, IP address ...
No first and last name, email address, and city needs to be provided. You will not be asked to provide your first and last name, email address, title, publication name, and country.
We do not request personal information such as name, home or work address, email address, telephone or mobile phone number(s), or other information by which we may identify you.
You can use the Support Portal without registering, in such case, you will not be asked to provide your name and email address, and cannot login via a password.
If you choose to use Avast Account without signing up you will not be asked to provide your name, last name, or email address. You will also not be required to select a password.
In order to use it, we do not store the following: ... your name, surname, email address, password hash, originating IP address, display name and number of scanned systems; ... scanned systems history including data about operating system, hostnames and usernames ...
We do not use Wi-Fi location collection and calls logs collection. Finally, as with other Avast programs, we are not collecting your email and IP address even when purchasing the AMS in an app store.We may collect your name, address, email, phone and SIM number, IP address, Device ID, location, and if you buy our products, payment informantion.
An example of personal data might be your name or email address.
Like many companies, some of the information we collect, known as personal data, can identify you.
Some personal data we collect only when you provide it to us.
This information may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, and if you pay by credit card, your payment information.
Some personal data can identify you. An example of personal data might be your name or email address. However, we do not collect personal data from you, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, and if you pay by credit card, your payment information.For example, we collect your name, email address or other address you provide, and any other information you provide us when you contact us for support or provide feedback.
We collect personal information you provide to us.
We may also collect any information you provide us, such as your name, postal address, zip code, country of origin, and email
Apple Game Center ID (if you have signed up to Game Center and we have access to that ID)) and develop a profile about you keyed to that DID.
We may store your DID with your contact information (like your email address) when you contact us for support, but otherwise we do not associate your DID with Personal Data we collect about you.
12: (a) Social Networking Sites.
For instance, if you associate your App with your Facebook account, Facebook will provide the App the applicable information (which may include your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user ID, list of friends, your email address, location, birthday and publishing stream, and other information you store on Facebook.
If you elect to share your information with these Social Networking Sites, we will share information with them in accordance with your election.
If you use one of our Apps in connection with a social networking site (such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+, or LinkedIn) ("Social Networking Site"), we may receive information about you from such Social Networking Site, in accordance with such Social Networking Site's terms of use and privacy policy ("SNS Terms").
The SNS Terms will apply to the information we disclose to them.
This Social Networking Site information is not sent to the Backflip servers, but is stored on the App.
We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via the App.To join the Badoo network you will have to complete our online registration form, where we ask you to provide us with information about you such as your name, your email address, your gender, your date of birth, your location details.
Once you have created a Profile, we will automatically track certain information such as your IP and email addresses.
If we become aware that a child, minor or anyone under the age of 18 has registered with us and provided us with personal information, we will take steps to terminate that person's registration and delete their Profile information from Badoo.
If we do delete a Profile because you violated our no children rules, we may retain your email and IP address to ensure that you do not try to get around our rules by creating a new Profile.
If you are less than 18 years old, we request that you do not submit information to us.
Nor do we knowingly market to children, minors or anyone under the age of 18.
That means Badoo does not knowingly collect any information about children, minors or anyone under the age of majority.
You can only become a member of Badoo if your aged 18 or over or the age of majority in the country in which you reside if that happens to be greater than 18.
If you contact our Customer Support team via Feedback page, we will receive your email address, and may track your IP address as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query.
If any of the individuals you have invited do not register within a few days, Badoo may occasionally send reminder emails on your behalf to those individuals.
If you want to invite your friends and contacts to Badoo, we will send an email invitation from Badoo in your name or you can send an SMS (if you use our Android or iPhone app) to your friends and contacts encouraging them to sign up to Badoo.
To make it easier to search and find friends and acquaintances on Badoo, users may search for other members by email address.
You are responsible for ensuring that your friend has agreed to receiving a Badoo invite.
You can choose to invite all your friends or only a select few by simply unticking the names of those friends you do not wish to invite, but please remember you must not invite any children to join.
You can choose to invite your friends to join Badoo to make sure that they also get the benefits of meeting new people.
When you import your contacts, we store their name and email address or their mobile number so that we can automatically connect you and your friend.
Once you register, you will be able to review and change much of your personal information including: Your contact email address; Your profile, photographs, and videos; Your city, region, and country of residence; Your password.
You can review and revise your profile information at any time.
Your rights How do I change my Profile?
We do not offer functionality to import your contacts and store your contacts names and email addresses or their mobile number.
To join the Badoo network you don't have to complete our online registration form. We do not ask you to provide us with information about you such as your name, your email address, your gender, your date of birth, your location details.
If you contact our Customer Support team via Feedback page, we do not receive your email address, and do not track your IP address or information you send to us to help resolve your query.Provide detailed contact information of the Rights Holder, including name, a copy of the identity card or the passport (if an individual), a copy of the entity registration certificate (if an entity), address, telephone number, fax and email address.Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage data and email address.
Contact form (This Application) By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form's header.
Personal Data collected: email address.
This Application does not collect by itself or through third parties: Cookies, Usage data and email address. … Usage Data Information can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, …Other information such as user names, social networking information, or emails may be saved to follow up on user's requests.
No social networking information or emails are saved.This and any other Personally Identifiable Information you provide, directly or indirectly, is collectively referred to as your "PII," and is used to facilitate and enhance your player experience.
When you sign up to post in one of our forums or participate in any other manner, you may grant access to certain information such as your email address, your name, a unique user name, or other information you share, either directly or by granting access to your user account on social network such as Facebook or Google+.
Only qualified staff and our trusted operational partners, who help Big Duck to deliver and service the Game, have access to your PII.
When you sign up to post in one of our forums or participate in any other manner, we never access or let third parties access certain information such as your email address, your name, your unique user name, or other information you share.We also may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
You will never provide personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number or email address.However, from time to time, we may enable certain additional functionality or services whereby you will have to create a user account, and we may collect and process the following information about you:
However, from time to time, we may enable certain additional functionality or services whereby you will have to create a user account, and we may collect and process the following information about you: information such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demogaphic information (such as date of birth, gender, age, and interests) that you provide by completing forms on the Sites, including if you register as a user of the Services, subscribe to our mailing lists, upload or submit any material through the services, or request any information.
your log-in and password details in connection with the account sign-in process; if you log-in using a third party social media account (such as a Facebook or Google account), we may collect basic account information about you from that social media provider (such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demographic information, like your date of birth, gender, age and interests);
We may also use e-mail addresses and other personal information from time to time in order to gather and provide to our members and visitors improved content and features.
We do not collect and process the following information about you: your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demogaphic information (such as date of birth, gender, age, and interests).
While from time to time, we may enable certain additional functionality or services whereby you will have to create a user account, we are not collecting and processing the following information about you: ... your log-in and password details in connection with the account sign-in process; if you log-in using a third party social media account (such as a Facebook or Google account), we may not collect any account information about you from that social media provider (such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demographic information, like your date of birth, gender, age and interests); ...When you register with us and use the Applications, you generally provide
information you enter into our system when using the Applications, such as contact information and project management information.
your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information;"Anonymised Information" means information that is not associated with or linked to Your Personal Information.
"Personal Information" is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number.
Anonymised Information does not permit identification of You.
Anonymised Information, such as basic usage statistics regarding Your use of our products and services, does not by itself identify You, though such information may be unique or consist of or contain information that You consider personal.
We do not gather any Personal information from You.
We just collect anonymised informationIf after reading this statement you have further questions, please contact us at the email address listed at the end of this document.
This statement is intended to clearly explain in human readable language what data we collect and how it is used.
If you choose to share contact information with us (such as an email address), we may use this information to send you updates about our services from time to time."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.(The email address you provide in user experience improvement program or feedback your opinions to us, will only be used to respond your feedback, send you information and updates of our products and services.)
We do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address, SMS messages, emails.When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide
information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information.
your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information"Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information
We do not collect Personal Information.
We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
We do not collect Personal InformationMore Your Choices You can update any contact information you provide to us by using the "My Account" feature available on many of our sites or emailing us at privacy@meredith.com.
You can remove your name and postal address from lists we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes by using the opt-out form here.
You can stop the delivery of commercial email messages you receive from any Meredith brand by using the unsubscribe link in any such email you receive.
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else.
When you register, we may collect personally identifying information, including your name, postal address, email address, user name and password, reminder questions and answers and communications preferences, such as which newsletters you would like to receive.
You may register to use certain features of our Services.
If you choose to participate in promotions that require registration, we will collect contact information such as your name, address, and email address and we may share this information with co-sponsors or other third parties involved in the promotion that we identify in the rules or entry materials.
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources: Name, postal address, email address and telephone number; Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level;And, if you send an e-mail to us, we will collect your e-mail address and the full content of your e-mail, including attached files and other information you choose to provide to us.
For example, the process of creating or editing your user profile on a Service may require you to provide us with a name, e-mail address, phone number, physical address, including zip code, password of your choice and cable provider.
We collect information that you submit to us.
AMC does not collect or store your financial information, like credit card numbers.
However, AMC's third party payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, shipping address and items purchased in order to fulfill your order.
If you purchase a product or service through the Services, our third party payment processors will collect the billing and financial information they need to process your charges.
This may include your postal address, email address and financial information.
In general, the information that you submit or share with us and that we collect is used in the following ways: for the purposes for which you provided such information; to enable your access to the Services; to provide, maintain, protect, develop and improve the Services, including through the use of statistical analysis; to customize the content and advertisements you receive from us and our trusted partners; to communicate with you, including via email, text messages, social media, mail and phone; and to offer you additional information, opportunities, promotions and functionality from us or on our behalf, or from our partners or our advertisers.If an Apalon App offers you the option to register, we will collect the Information you provide to us in the registration form.
This may include identification data such as your name, email address or other account or registration data.
Communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or subsidiary companies or other third parties.
Some of the Apalon Apps may offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins).
The profile Information we receive may very depending on the Apalon App you are using, and on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, e-mail address and friends list.
Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile Information about you from your social media provider.
We won't collect your e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising).
Some of the Apalon Apps do not offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). We will not receive profile Information about you from your social media provider (e.g., your name, e-mail address or friends list).
We won't collect identification data such as your name, email address or other account or registration data.Users may be asked for, as appropriate, email address.When you create an Apple ID, apply for commercial credit, purchase a product, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Retail Store, contact us or participate in an online survey, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and credit card information.
When you share your content with family and friends using Apple products, send gift certificates and products, or invite others to participate in Apple services or forums, Apple may collect the information you provide about those people such as name, mailing address, email address, and phone number.
When you create an Apple ID, apply for commercial credit, purchase a product, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Retail Store, contact us or participate in an online survey, your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and credit card information is not collected by us.
When you share your content with family and friends using Apple products, send gift certificates and products, or invite others to participate in Apple services or forums, no name, mailing address, email address, and phone number will be collected by Apple.Personal information includes your location information, name, address, email, phone, fax, information stored on your device, and the information used in the applications, services or Web site would identify you or others.
We do not collect personal information.
Personal information-- because we do not collect personal information, we will not use your personal information in any way.
Used to develop the business of HAWK further---we may use personal information for the purpose of promoting and developing the market.
We do not store personal information, we will not disclose your personal information.Our Service may require you to sign up an account.
We may also collect demographic information, such as age, gender, or preferences.
When you do, we will ask for personal information, like your name or email address.When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide
information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information.
your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration informationWe may also provide a more typical registration flow where you may be required to provide the following information: your age or birthday (for age screening and/or to better understand who our users are); your e-mail address; a password and other information that helps Us confirm that it is you accessing your account.
We may also provide a more typical registration flow where you may be required to provide the following information: your age or birthday (for age screening and/or to better understand who our users are); your e-mail address; a password and other information that helps Us confirm that it is you accessing your account.
We may also collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, geo-location, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, or e-mail address.
When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your activity on the Service, and your username or ID number.
We may collect or receive information from other sources including (i) other Blyts users who choose to upload their email contacts; and (ii) third party information providers.
For example, We may, and you expressly consent for us to, use information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways: To create your Service accounts and allow access to our Services To identify and suggest connections with other Blyts users To enable user-to-user communications To provide technical support and respond to user inquiries To prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Use To deliver and target advertising To notify users of in-Service updates To provide in-Service leader boards and promote in-Service player achievements To solicit input and feedback to improve Blyts products and services and customize your user experience To inform users about new products or promotional offers To engage in commonly accepted practices, such as contacting you at the email address We have on file if you are a potential winner in a sweepstakes
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT In general, We collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, fun, and customized experience.
If you have provided your e-mail address to Blyts, we'll use it to respond to (i) customer support inquiries, and (ii) keep you informed of your in-Service activity, including comments from friends, notifications about in-Service status and requests.
30: OTHER METHODS OF ACCESSING AND CONTROLLING YOUR INFORMATION If you no longer want Blyts to make active use of your information, you may send an e-mail to info@blyts.com.
Blyts may use your information unless and until you send Blyts such a request.
If you have additional questions about this Privacy Policy, contact us at info@blyts.com
If you have sent or posted content on the Service, We may not be able to delete it.
If you wish to review, change or correct the information Blyts has about you, e-mail us at info@blyts.com You can turn off push notifications and local notifications by visiting the "profile" section within the relevant Service You can stop further use of your geo-location by visiting your device's settings for the relevant application or the "settings" page for the relevant Service.
Place "Delete My Account" in the subject line and include your first name, last name, e-mail address and user ID number from which you access our Services (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail.
Please note that your information, for example those records pertaining to payments or customer service matters, may be retained for legal and accounting purposes.
We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY If We decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, We will notify you and other users by placing a notice on blyts.com or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address We have on file for you.
It is your responsibility to periodically check this privacy page for updates.
We may supplement this process by placing notices in our Services and on other Blyts websites.We may also collect personally identifiable information about you (such as your name and surname, email address), as well as non-personally identifiable information (such as age range and gender) that you provide us, by using our Applications, when you voluntarily register with BOOLit entertainment, request information using the Websites or contact us directly.
We will only use the contact information you provide to us (for example, your name and email address) for the purpose for which you provided it to us.
If you wish to delete your contact information that we received upon your specific email inquiry, please send an e-mail to boolit.entertainment@gmail.com and your e-mail will be deleted from our database.
Other information will be merely stored within the Application on your device so that the Application will be able to communicate with Third Party Social Network directly; Voice recordings from Applications are also only being collected and stored within the Applications upon your request.
Please keep in mind that we will only do that if specifically directed by you and we will store ID and your full name for the purposes of user identification.
The Application may further ask you to allow us to (i) post on such Third Party Social Networks on your behalf (e.g.
We may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you, Third Party Social Networks and your preferences: (i) your basic information from your profile, such as your name, surname, email address, login ID, player identifier string; (ii) your photos and videos.
photos, e-cards, videos and status updates) and to (ii) manage your notifications (access your notifications and mark them as read).Information you directly provide us Your username, password, an email address we can contact you at, a phone number, and your name.
We do not require that you provide us with your user profile (e.g., Real name, picture).
How We Store Your Information 1) Your account information (e.g., email address, password, and phone number) will be encrypted as soon as you register for the Service, and we store and process such encrypted information in the United States or any other country in which we maintain facilities.
We will use commercially reasonable safeguards and take reasonable steps to keep the information encrypted at all times, so that the information will not be decrypted and accessible.The Personal Information we may collect and maintain about you can include: Your name, date of birth, and gender Your IP Address Your email Address
We will use your email address only to send notifications related to our application and to respond to your inquiries/questions.
We will not use your email address.
We are not collecting and maintaining your name, date of birth, gender, Your IP Address, Your email Address, or other personal information.Information you directly volunteer to us – to use certain features of Start, you may be asked to provide your personal information, such as your name, mobile number, email address, user-name, password and other registration information as well as age, gender, interests and other information.
Direct marketing - we may use your phone number and email address to send you marketing information about products, services and offers, whether by us or by our trusted partners, which may be of relevance to you, but only as permitted by law or specifically approved by you.
Enforcement and security - we also use your information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our policies (including our Terms and Privacy Policy), including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; or (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of Celltick, our users, yourself or any third party.
If you do not want to receive any more communications from us, please follow the unsubscribing instructions contained in the email, or send an email to privacy@celltick.com.
Please note that unsubscribing from promotional emails will not affect our ability to send you non-promotional emails in the future.
As explained above, you may either volunteer to us certain information (such as your email address), or we may automatically collect certain information, such as through the use of your mobile device system's permissions, or through the use of cookies or similar tracking technologies.
We and our trusted partners use cookies and other technologies in our related services.In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We will collect personal identification information such as name or email from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us through contact form or email.Ciberdroix will only collect such Personal Information that is relevant for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
When you create an account, we may collect your personal information such as your username, first and last name, email address, mobile phone number and a photo, if you chose to have a photo associated with your account
This information may include Device Information (such as hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information like IMEI), your IP (Internet Protocol) address, access times, browser type and language, location based on IP address, GPS or WiFi access points and cell towers, advertising ID, your MAC (Media Access Control) address, your email address (if You have connected e.g.
to Facebook or Google+).
Information from third parties (such as Facebook or Google+) in relation to our service.
We may allow You to connect the Service to your social media account(s) such as through Facebook, Google+ or any other third party service to obtain information about You when You consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Ciberdroix (such as your user ID, name, e-mail address, and profile picture that are available in your public profile with such third party, and content such as media and comments.Non-Personal Information: This is information about you or your household that doesn't identify you personally, like your gender, income or what types of financial products you're interested in.
The types of information we may collect from you fit in two general categories: Personal Information: This is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, email address, Social Security number or phone number.
As Part of a Corporate Change.
If such a business transfer results in a material change in the treatment of your Personal Information, you will be notified by e-mail (using the primary email address on your account) or by a prominent notice on our site.
We may disclose and transfer information about you to a third party as part of, or in preparation for, a change of control, restructuring, corporate change, or sale or transfer of assets.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you.
Changes will be effective as soon as the revised Privacy Policy is posted unless otherwise stated.
Credit Karma will also promptly make an updated Privacy Policy publicly available on our platform.
If there are any material changes in the way we treat your credit report information or Personal Information, Credit Karma will send a notice to the primary email address on your account or place a prominent notice on our platform before the change goes into effect.When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide
information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information.
your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section belowPersonal information means information about you that is personally identifiable including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address or other contact information.
However, in order to provide you with certain services given under the Site or to share information with other members, you must create an account ("Account") and provide us with your email address and password that you will use for your Account ("Requested Details").
We may request additional Personal Information in the future.
Additional information such as Your progress in completing tasks set by the Product, audio data disclosed by the User when interacting with the Application, etc is collected and stored by Us, solely for the improvement and development of the Product.
Certain information, such as your name, e-mail addresses, is collected in order to sign up for an account on our app / website.
Our apps or website may sometimes require you to give us your contact information (like your name, address, telephone number and email address), and demographic information (like your Zip Code/ Pin Code).
To avail of any services we offer or to buy products on the apps or the website we will need to collect certain financial information, such as your credit card number, credit card expiration date, and billing address ("Financial Information").
We use the information we gather on the apps and website for the following purposes:
These include sending you e-mails or other communications regarding updates at the apps / website to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered.
To respond to any queries you may have or to communicate information to you."Non-Personal Information" is information that, by itself, cannot be used to identify or contact you personally and can include gender, age or interests and cannot be used to connect with you.
"Personal Information" is information about you that can be used to identify or contact you on-line or off-line, such as your name, birth date, home address, email address, credit card information and phone number.
"Personal information" may include your unique device or user identifier when the identifier is combined with your personal information.
We collect both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information.
To assist us in personalizing and improving the Services, and allow our users to set up a user account and profile that can be used to personalize their experience in using the Services, Personal Information are collected from you.
We may collect your Personal Information in a number of ways
which may include your email address
For Android games subscriptions, you are required to let us have your email address and consent to let us use it to contact you before you can download and use any of our games.
We use such information in relation to providing our mobile and web-based applications, such as to authenticate you and to communicate with you regarding the Services by push notification, SMS, e-mail, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device.
When our mobile or web-based applications are used, we also collect information about your mobile device type, operating system, IP address and browser type.
When you download and use any of our games on your mobile device or on a personal computer, we also collect information regarding your in-game actions, your user identifier or unique device and country in which the mobile phone or device is registered or located, and may collect your mobile phone number, and other information you provide, such as user name, or e-mail address.
We may use your Personal Information, Non-Personal Information or aggregate information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways to
For the purpose of direct marketing, we shall use your name (including surname and given name), address, telephone number, email address and other information, if any, that you provide to us for offers, promotions, rewards, discounts, events and benefits in relation to the Services and products and services offered by our business partners or third party merchants.
From time to time, we may conduct direct marketing of the Services through email, direct mails, telemarketing, fax and/or other form of communication to you.
We intend to use your Personal Information for direct marketing carried out by us or one of our business partners or third party merchants.
We mainly collect persistent identifier (such as an IP address, mobile device id, or a unique device identifier) from the child.
We may also collect the email address of the child.
If we choose not to respond to the child's request, we will immediately delete the child's information.
We collect a child's email address in connection with a question emailed to us by the child for the sole purpose of communicating with the child on a one-time-only basis (e.g.
We will not use or disclose such information to re-contact the child or for any other purpose, and such information will be deleted from our records promptly after responding to the child's request.
responding to a question from the child).We may collect the following information:
We may collect the following information: When signing up to Our Services you may be required to submit information such as name, email address, etc.
When you send an email or any other communication to us (e.g.
when you send an email to our support), we may retain those communications in order to process and respond to your inquiry, as well as to improve Our Services.
We may use your email address and any other means of communication in order to send you software updates and other notifications and to respond to your feedback.
What do we do with your feedback We may use feedback or other information for user experience improvements and for upgrading and adding new features to Our Services."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device, including from your address book, location, photos or contacts folder, in order to enable certain features of an Application or the Services, such as the feature that finds and suggests mutual friends and other individuals who you may know.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax and other device numbers, social security numbers, calendar entries stored within your Device, contact entries stored within your Device, files, content, photographs, location information and other metadata in photographs and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Services, and/or the Site which identifies you or another person.
Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active
Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active.
We do NOT collect Personal Information.
Since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your Personal Information in any way.
We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal InformationIn other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We generally do not collect nor share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don't generally collect any "Personally Identifying Information" about our users (such as social security number, telephone number, street address, drivers license number, etc.
If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for any Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register.
In addition, we may combine non-personal information with personal information, such as an email address, to administer loyalty programs, tailor its offerings, web pages or game play experience to you.
We may also use personal and non-personal information, both individually and combined together, to better understand the behavior and preferences of its customers, to troubleshoot technical problems, to serve static and dynamic advertising, to enforce its Terms of Service, to ensure proper functioning of its products and services as well as to help improve Services and their content.
We also use your name, email address and other information on our system to notify you of new product releases, service notifications, and to solicit your feedback and input.
Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services.
When you enter sensitive, we encrypt that information using with our best efforts.When registering in our applications, your email address is stored for password retrieval purposes.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address.
To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or information related to End Permian (only if you opt-in.)We may collect and process "personal information" (i.e.
information that could be used to contact you, such as full name, postal address, user name and password, phone number or e-mail address), "demographic and usage information"
If you use a ZeroFour service on or through a wireless device, we may, in accordance with the terms of any applicable agreement with the wireless device carrier (and as allowed by your privacy settings) collect certain information such as your unique device identifier (a number automatically assigned to your mobile or wireless device), device type, and information you choose to provide or share, such as e-mail address (collectively "Mobile Information").
To enter these Promotions, you may be required to provide your name and email address and/or additional information required for the operation and management of the Promotions.
On sites that either are directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13, we may collect the child's e-mail address to enter the child in the Promotion, store such child's email address for the duration of the Promotion, and use it for notification if he or she is the winner.
For certain Promotions on such sites, we may ask for the email address of the child's parent or guardian to inform the parent or guardian of his or her child's entry and give the parent or guardian the option to have the child's entry deleted.To process purchases, we may require your name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information.
E-mail messages we send you may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the e-mails, including whether the e-mail was opened and what links (if any) were clicked.
If you would rather not receive promotional e-mails from us, please see the section below labeled "Choice/Opt-Out".
If you would rather not receive telephone calls or text messages from us, you may change or delete your number from your account preferences page(s), or ask to be removed from our contact list if you receive a call or text message from us.
We fully comply with the requirements of the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act.
We may also contact you by telephone or text message (including to any wireless number you may provide to us) solely in connection with eHarmony's services.
We require an e-mail address from you when you register for our services.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the eHarmony services, such as service announcements and administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
We use your e-mail for both transactional (e.g., order confirmation, refund and renewal processing, notifying of matches for our Singles service) and promotional (e.g., newsletters, new product offerings, special discounts, event notifications, special third-party offers) purposes.
We encourage you to refer a friend to our Singles service by sending us a friend's name and email address.
We will keep this information in our database, and send that person a one-time e-mail containing your name and inviting them to visit our site.
Choice/Opt-Out You may use the following options for removing your information, including an unauthorized profile, from our e-mail database if you wish to opt out of receiving promotional e-mails and newsletters.
Click on the "unsubscribe" link on the bottom of the e-mail; Send mail to the following postal address letting us know which promotional e-mails you wish to opt-out of: eHarmony, Inc.
For the eHarmony Singles service, select our Help link from your account home page and search our FAQ's to find the answer you are looking for, or send us an e-mail and our Customer Care agents will be happy to assist you; For any services where you have an account page, you may change your credit card (if applicable), e-mail address, password and other information from the account settings or preferences page; or You can send mail to the postal address listed above, providing us with your account information and letting us know which information you wish to update.
Updating Your Information eHarmony provides users the following options for changing and modifying information previously submitted, , including deletion of your personal information.We will not (and will not allow any third party to) use the Service to track, collect or upload any data that personally identifies an individual (such as a name, email address or billing information).We guarantee that we do not collect personal information, such as e-mail address, phone number, credit card number, fax, SSN and so on.We may ask that you provide
information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information.
information you provide us when you contact us for help; and
your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information
your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information;
Automatically Collected Information - In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, such as: the type of mobile device you use, mobile device identifiers, such as the resettable advertising identifier assigned to your device,, the IP address of your mobile device, the location of your device, your mobile operating system, Wi-Fi mac address in your area, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
We may share your information with third parties generally in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
with third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described below under the Section entitled Automatic Data Collection and Advertising.
Changes This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.
We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here: http://1weatherapp.com/privacy and as applicable, if the application obtains email and/or phone number, informing you via email or text message.
You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.If you are purchasing the license via our web-site we will store your IP-address, country information mobile number and the transaction information
We can request some information directly for the purpose of registering you in the Youcraft social network or high scores system (like e-mail address).If we someday need your email address, we'll ask you for it.
Our Android applications never send us your email address.
When you enter your information, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.As a free tool app, we guarantee that we do not collect personal information (such as e-mail address, phone number, credit card number, fax, SSN and so on).We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
If you contact our Customer Support team via Feedback contact@micous.com, we will receive your email address, and may track your IP address as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query.If you use Facebook or Google Account to register into our app, we collect only your name, e-mail addres and store it only for registering or loging in purposes.
In case of Facebook we may collect your friends list or other information provided by Facebook that you agree to give to us.We never ask for personal or private information like names, email addresses, or credit card numbers.
We collect your email address in order to:
We do not collect your email address: …
We never ask for personal or private information like names, email addresses, or credit card numbers.Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information.
We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.Personal Information is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number.
We do not gather any Personal information from You.Many of our services require you to sign up for a Pmang(http://www.pmang.com) Account.
When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number.
This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends connect.
We may also collect or receive information about you from other NWG users who choose to upload their email and other contacts.
By use of friend finder tools in our online and mobile products and services, you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Pmang Account (and related gaming entitlements, including games played on PC and mobile platforms) with your social networking profile and/or email address.
Your resulting friends' list will be subject to this privacy policy.
If you choose to use our referral service to "Tell a Friend" about an NWG product or site, we will ask you for your friend's email address or telephone number."Personal Information" refers to information that identifies you individually, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, financial account number, social security number, or driver's license number.
Currently, Web sites and Apps do not collect Personal Information.Our Applications are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children.
If you are under the age of 13, please stop using our Applications.
It is our policy not to knowingly solicit or permit children under the age of 13 to provide their Personal Information for any purpose.
In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from children under the age of 13, we will make efforts to promptly delete the information.
We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in monitoring their children's use of the Applications.
For example, when you register with us, we may collect certain information from you, including your name, email address, username, nicknames and passwords, and social networking and open market usernames and information, including profile pictures.
Once registered, you may also have the option of completing a user profile.
When you use our Applications, we may collect and store information from you directly.
You consent to us collecting the following information, including both Personal Information and non-Personal Information: Information We Collect About You.
When you contact us, we also collect certain Personal Information in order to be able to respond to you.
We may use the information we collect in the following ways:
To send you e-mails with useful updates or promotions about our Applications and other products and services;If you create an Account with Google, we'll be able to access and collect your email address and other PII that your privacy settings with Google permit us to access.When ordering or registering on our application, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your : name, e-mail address or mailing address.We do not collect any other personally identifying information such as e-mail address or user name.When you register with us and use the Application, you generally may provide
information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information, likes and downloads, and project management information.
your name, email address, define a password and provide eventually other registration information
This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook, Inc. Permissions asked: Email and Public Profile
This service does not allow this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook, Inc. and does not ask for the Email and Public Profile permissions.
You can use our application without registering. When you use the Application this way, we do not require you to provide your name, email address, or a password; ... You may not enter information into our system when using the Application, such as contact information, likes and downloads, and project management information.We may collect the following information from our users: First name, last name, email address, billing address, and phone number
E-mail Newsletter Our newsletter is run on an opt-out basis, and we never send unsolicited emails.
If you do not want to receive newsletters or other emails from us, you can unsubscribe from them at any time using the clear instructions found in every email we send.
Playrix uses this information exclusively to send our regular newsletter about product updates, new releases, and special offers.
The only information gathered when users voluntarily sign up for our newsletter is their email address.
This information is used solely by Playrix and is not sold to or used by any third party.We do not collect any personal information about you like your email, your google accountThis includes information used to create your account (e.g., a username, password and at your option, an email address), account preferences, the content of private messages between you and other users or communities (e.g., modmail), and the content of information you post to the Services (e.g., text, photos, videos, links).
We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our Services.
If you purchase products or services from us (e.g., Reddit Gold), we will collect certain information from you, including your name, address, email address, and information about the product or service you are purchasing.For example, we might collect your email address if you sign up for our alerts or create an account.
We may also collect your name and phone number if you contact us.
We may also collect your username and password.
For example, we may collect your phone number or email address if you provide them as your loyalty program account numbers or IDs.In order to process your booking, we collect personal details from you together with information we learn about you from your use of our website and / or App and other websites accessible through our website and / or App.
These details may include (where applicable) passenger names, addresses, passport or Government issued EU National ID card numbers, telephone numbers, e-mail and IP addresses, credit/debit card or other payment details, travel behaviour.
Direct Marketing Material From time to time we or our selected partners may contact you with information regarding flight promotions and ancillary products via email.
However, you will have the choice to opt in or out of receiving such communications by indicating so at the booking stage.
You will also be given the opportunity on every e-communication that we or our trusted partners send you to indicate that you no longer wish to receive our or their direct marketing material.Mailing address E-mail address Phone (or mobile) number Date of birth or age
Postal Mail If you do not wish to receive catalogs, coupons, and other promotional postal mail, email guest.relations@target.com with your first and last name and complete mailing address or call 800-440-0680 to opt out.
Telephone If you do not wish to receive promotional telephone calls, email guest.relations@target.com with your first and last name and telephone number or call 800-440-0680 to opt out.
This opt out does not apply to operational phone calls (e.g., confirmation of delivery address and prescription refills).
E-mail Security "Phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information.
If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond.
We will never request your password, username, credit card information, or other personal information through e-mail.if you provide us your email address using the "Contact Us" form, we store it so we can contact you, but won't share it.
We do not store the actual email address(es), and cannot obtain them using the hash.
Your account: we store a hash (digital fingerprint) of your Google account email address(es) to identify you and tie your account to your purchases.
We collect anonymous usage data from every app user to monitor usage and fix bugs, such as device specifications (model, screen size, Android version, etc), the country in which you are located, timestamped usage data, and your hashed email address(es).
If you use the "Contact Us" form, you may voluntarily provide us with your actual email address and other personally identifiable information such as your name.If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us, which may include but not be limited to: payment information (e.g., credit card information, billing name/address), telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.
When you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect specific information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information.
To make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of United), or a customer service representative (collectively, "Reservations Agents"), Reservations Agents collect data such as payment information, passport information, birth date, name, addresses, email addresses, and telephone numbers.
United may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.
We may collect information from you when you use our mobile application(s), including, but not limited to: name, email address, MileagePlus account information, government ID or passenger redress number, passport information and/or photograph, date of birth, payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date and billing name and address), if not already provided.
For marketing and advertising.
Specifically, we may use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers, including those offered by United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you.
United may use your information, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters.
We may also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.
Emails sent to members will contain a message and link on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future.
In addition, members can contact the MileagePlus Service Center by phone or in writing and request a profile change.
Opting out MileagePlus members can opt out of receiving marketing or promotion-related emails or direct mail from United by accessing their account profile information on the United website and changing their profile to indicate their desire to be excluded.
Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send you emails or other communications for administrative purposes.Depending on how you use the Services, you may be required to provide certain personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"), which may include, but is not limited to, your: Name Email address Mailing address
When you invite others to join WeVideo or share your User Content via email, you will need to provide us with email addresses for each person that you wish to send your User Content or an invite to.
At registration, we will require that you provide your first name and a parent's valid email address.
We will also use your parent's email address to let your parent know about any changes to our Privacy Policy.
We will send your parent a notification email stating that you have requested to create an account on our Website and receive our e-newsletters on an ongoing basis and describing the information you provided at registration and contact information for your parent to respond and request that we stop sending you any emails, cancel your account, and/or delete, modify or edit your information.
Your parents may at any time review, change and/or delete any information that we have collected about you by emailing support@wevideo.com.
If you believe that any child under the age of 13 has posted any personal information anywhere on our website, please contact us immediately at support@wevideo.com and provide as much information as you can to help us locate and delete the personal information.
If you post personal information in any video, we have no control over this use of your personal information and, as such, cannot be responsible for it.
We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to: (a) delete any personal information we discover or which is brought to our attention, at any time, for any reason whatsoever; (b) immediately terminate your account and/or (c) contact your parents regarding the video.
any personal information (e.g., name, email address, personal photographs) that you voluntarily disclose in any video may be collected and used by parties other than us and may result in unsolicited messages from other parties.Personal Information is what identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers and information stored within your device.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.When You register on the Website or the Apps, We may collect Your name, email address, telephone number, address, password, and any other information that You provide in the registration process.
When You submit a "Contact Us" form, We collect Your name, phone number, email address, and any other information You choose to provide to Us.
When You create a support ticket, We collect Your email address and any other information You choose to provide to Us.
When You enter contests or respond to promotions, We collect Your entry information such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, age, photo, videos, social account information and any other information You provide.
When You apply for a job through the Service, We may collect: Your name, email address, telephone number, current employer, social media account links, and any information You provide through Your responses to questions posed or in Your cover letter, resume or otherwise through the Careers/Job Openings section of the Flipp.com Website.
This information includes Your personal information (such as Your address, e-mail address, social media identifiers, device or advertiser IDs, IP address, and customer or account IDs), location data, online activity, and the same types of information we collect when You use the Service through our Website or Apps.
We may collect information about You from third party sources including, but not limited to, social media companies, advertising partners, third party websites, retailers, CPGs, and food service companies, and our employment services provider(s).
If You connect with Facebook through the Service, We receive Your public profile (which includes Your Facebook User ID, Your profile photo, Your public information, and Your friends' User IDs), Your language, Your country, and whether You are in an age group, for instance, under 18, between 18-20, or 21 and over, and any other information Facebook provides.
If You connect with Twitter through the Service, We receive Your Twitter identity (which includes Your Twitter avatar and user name and Your followers' user names).
If You sign in through Google, We receive Your public profile and Your email address.
If you sign in through Pinterest, we receive your public profile information.
The Website and the Apps provide connections with Facebook, Twitter, Google, Pinterest and LinkedIn.
We can also access, store, and update the information You share through Facebook.
We can also access, store, and update the information You share through Twitter.
This may include pseudonymous advertiser identifiers that some companies or third party ad platforms choose to share with us, such as Your "Customer ID" with a company or an identifier associated with a hashed version of Your email address.
We may receive information about You from other digital advertising companies with which We work ("Advertising Partners") to help Us deliver ads to You and recognize You across browsers and devices.
We may work with these Advertising Partners to synchronize their unique, anonymous identifiers to our own to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device.
Flipp works with LiveRamp which allows companies to integrate their customer records with online advertising (also known as CRM onboarding).
We may receive a hashed version of Your information from LiveRamp, to enable better targeted advertising where LiveRamp already possesses Your email address, device ID, or other advertising ID.
As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, personal information We collect may be processed by our partners in providing related services to the Service (such as administration services, technical services relating to the maintenance, servicing, and upgrading of the products, software, hosting services, data migration services and analytical services, among others).
As permitted by law, to send periodic emails.
Note: If at any time You would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, We include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email; To generate and review reports and data about our user base and service usage patterns; To compile aggregate data for internal and external business purposes; To display relevant advertising and remarketing across websites; To prevent fraud and abuse of the Service and to otherwise protect users and visitors and our business; To assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas; To administer, operate and improve the Service and for internal business purposes; and To perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
The email address You provide may be used to send You information and updates pertaining to Your account, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Information may be disclosed to third parties in accordance with our Privacy Policy, including our service providers and business partners, employment service providers, partners, media companies, advertising.
This information includes Your personal information (such as Your address, e-mail address, social media identifiers, device or advertiser IDs, IP address, and customer or account IDs), location data, and information about Your use of the Service.
If You choose to apply online for a posted job on the Lever web site, You will be required to provide Your name, email address, current employer, a resume, and responses to questions posed on the site.
At the beginning of the application process, You will be asked to provide Your email address.
If You do not have an email address, please contact Human Resources at 1-844-204-2900 or HR@flipp.com.
Closing Your Account.
If the email account associated with Your email address is not active, We may close Your account without notice.
You may close Your account by contacting Us at privacy@flipp.com.Summary (Jump to Full Policy) What the Privacy Policy does The Web Services Privacy Policy describes the information Comcast collects about you when you use the Web Services, how Comcast uses that information, and how Comcast protects your privacy when you use certain websites, mobile applications, and other interactive features that link to this Privacy Policy, including, but not limited to: Comcast or Xfinity branded mobile applications that link to this Web Services Privacy Policy, such as the Xfinity Connect and Xfinity TV iOS and Android apps; Comcast-branded websites and web services that link to this Web Services Privacy Policy, such as: www.comcast.net, my.xfinity.com, xfinityhomesecurity.com, plaxo.com, and see.it versions of these sites and services that are optimized for mobile browsing (e.g., m.comcast.net); XFINITY Wi-Fi, if you are not an XFINITY Internet subscriber; and a Comcast-provided email address (such as yourname@comcast.net) if you are not an XFINITY Internet or XFINITY Voice subscriber.
This Privacy Policy explains how Comcast will use the information that you provide when you use certain websites, mobile applications, and other interactive features that link to this Privacy Policy, including, but not limited to: the websites comcast.net, xfinitytv.com, my.xfinity.com, xfinityhomesecurity.com, plaxo.com, and see.it, excluding certain co-branded websites and web services provided by third parties through contractual arrangements with Comcast, as further described below (the "Comcast Sites"); and all Comcast- or Xfinity-branded mobile applications that link to this Privacy Policy (such as the Xfinity Connect and the Xfinity iOS and Android apps) (the "Comcast Apps"); and all software and services provided by Plaxo, including those services made available through its application programming interfaces ("APIs") (collectively the "Plaxo Service"); XFINITY Wi-Fi, if you are not an XFINITY Internet subscriber; and a Comcast-provided email address (such as yourname@comcast.net), if you are not an XFINITY Internet or XFINITY Voice subscriber (collectively, (1) through (5) are referred to as the "Comcast Web Services").
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This table summarizes the different types of information that we may collect from you when you register for the Comcast Web Services and use the Comcast Web Services as a registered user.
First and last name, username, password, email address, mailing address, phone number, and gender
Additional email addresses, lists of people to connect with
Flagging or rating news articles, movies, television shows or other content, posting blog entries or comments, sharing URLs, and content and data feeds from non-Comcast social networks or services that you choose
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about the Comcast Sites, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address.
Communicating with You Comcast may use your Registration Data to send you a confirmation email verifying the ownership of the email addresses provided in your Registration Data and to send you service-related communications about the Comcast Web Services.
In addition, Comcast may send you promotional or commercial email relating to each Comcast Web Services for which you have activated your account.
You can opt-out from receiving such promotional or commercial email by following the instructions contained in the emails or by going to: http://www.plaxo.com/settings/email (manage your Plaxo email settings) http://www.comcast.com/preferences (manage your promotional email offers from Comcast) and following the directions there.
Comcast may allow you to access portions of the Comcast Web Services by signing in using your username or other identifier from another Internet service, such as Google or Facebook ("Non-Comcast Username").
This other Internet services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain information with us, such as your name or email address.
When you register for permanent opt-out, you provide us with a validated email address at which you no longer wish to receive Plaxo invite requests.
Children should always get permission from a parent or legal guardian before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and telephone numbers) over the Internet, to Comcast or to anyone else.
Special Note About Children Comcast does not knowingly collect PII from anyone under the age of 13 through the Comcast Web Services.
If you are a California resident and a user of any of the Comcast Web Services, you can request a copy of this information from Comcast by sending email to Comcast_Web_Privacy at Comcast dot com or a letter to Comcast Cable Communications Management, LLC, Attn: California Direct Marketing Information, One Comcast Center, Philadelphia, PA 19103.
Please include your name and email address in email requests, and your name and postal address in mail requests.
Your California Privacy Rights California law permits its residents to request and receive information about a business' disclosure of certain categories of PII to other companies for their use for direct marketing.
We collect the username and password for the email account you wish to import your contacts from and will only use it for that purpose.
When using the Import Contacts feature you can import contacts from your Outlook or other email account address book to invite them to become members of our site or to connect with them.
Before removing the data, Plaxo members can export it to another online address book provider.
Learn more about exporting your address book and deleting your account.
Plaxo members who do not want their address book data used in this aggregation process can easily remove their address book data from the Plaxo Offerings.
To help Plaxo determine whether a piece of publicly available contact information is accurate, Plaxo looks at how frequently that public information appears in the aggregation of all address book data stored in the Plaxo system.
If you sign on to the Wi-Fi Service as a non-subscriber to XFINITY Internet or if you are not a Performance Tier or above XFINITY Internet subscriber, Comcast may ask for your email address and home zip code.
We will use the email address you provide when you sign in to send you service messages and we may send you promotional messages regarding XFINITY products or services you might be interested in based on the zip code you provide.
As part of a registration process for Amenity Wi-Fi, you may be asked to provide information about yourself, such as your email address and home ZIP code.The data we process on you may include, but is not limited to: email address, device ID, and IP-address.
In such cases, ZEN may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to ZEN.
Please note that certain features of the ZEN Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you.
This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site "friends" and other information you have included in your social networking site profile.
ZEN may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by ZEN and/or obtained through such social networking sites.
Some of the cookies are "1st Party", from the website itself, and others are "3rd party", belonging to advertising and analytics entities or social networks.
Typically websites place a number of different cookies on an end-user's machine.
ZEN may also use Flash cookies (local shared objects) and HTML5 local storage.
Additionally, e-mails and other electronic communications ZEN sends to you may contain pixel tags that enable ZEN to track your usage of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed, if any.For your notice to be effective, it must include the following information:
(b) Your contact information, including your address and email address
(c) Your name, address, and email address;We may collect different types of personal and other information based on your use of our products and services.
Some examples include: Contact Information that allows us to communicate with you -- including your name, address, and e-mail address;
No personal and other information based on your use of our products and services is collected, in particular, not contact Information -- including your name, address, and e-mail address.In addition, certain modifications or other communications may be sent to you via email.
Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by means including, but not limited to posting an updated privacy policy in place of this one on this page.
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to maintain a valid e-mail address as a registered user, review this Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications.
Your continued use of our Product and Services after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Policy.
If you elect to become a registered user by creating one or more user accounts in connection with any of our Products and Services, we may require you to provide certain information including your birth date, your first and last name, email address, physical address, Facebook username or Twitter handle, and your selected password.
User Registration.
We may also offer you the ability to import your address book contacts, third party social network contacts, or manually enter e-mail addresses.
We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, geo-location or e-mail address.
F. Payment.
If you purchase a license to use in-game virtual currency or virtual items directly from Us, We may collect the billing and financial information necessary to process your charges, which may include your postal and e-mail addresses.
Our Terms of Service explain our policies and terms relevant to our charges and billing practices.
Please note that purchases of third party credits or fictional currencies may be subject to additional policies.
We may also receive the billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by a third party, such as Facebook, Google, Apple, PayPal, MoPay, or your telephone or internet service or data provider.
When Users ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, We will collect and store the contact information Users provide (generally User ID, name and contact information such as an e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on the Service, and your user ID.
Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer Parnu mnt 139a, 11317 Tallinn, Estonia privacy@Creative-mobile.com Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us.
We do not offer you the ability to import your address book contacts, third party social network contacts, or manually enter e-mail addresses.
We are not collecting the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose not to provide, such as user name, character name, geo-location or e-mail address.
We do not obtain certain information including your birth date, your first and last name, email address, physical address, Facebook username or Twitter handle, and your selected password.Data Collected from You We may collect Data directly from you, including Data you voluntarily provide through the registration form when first registering on the Site or the Application such as your username, password, email address, name, date of birth and gender.
Paypal) or a portion of your credit card number stored in an encrypted format.
This payment information is collected by us and transferred to and stored by our third party service provider; however we may retain, store and use limited payment-related information such as your transaction history, the expiration date of your credit card, your method of payment, the email address associated with your payment account (e.g.
To obtain this information on behalf of DEEZER, please contact us through the "Help" section of your account or by sending an email here with "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line of your message.
We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response.
No Data is collected directly from you. There is no registration that would collect information, such as your username, password, email address, name, date of birth and gender.We collect the following categories of information: Registration information you provide when you create an account, including your first name and surname, country of residence, gender, date of birth, email address, username and password
Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us, by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications, or by other means, consistent with applicable law.
Notice.
Notice. You do not provide your email address to us.
We do not collect the following categories of information: Registration information, your first name and surname, country of residence, gender, date of birth, email address, username and password …Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information to provide us with your most current e-mail or phone number.
"Personal Information" is information that you provide to us that personally identifies you, such as your name, phone number or email address.
Except as described below, MoboTap does not collect or require users of the Website, Services or Application to provide Personal Information.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
We also collect other types of Personal Information that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Application.
We may collect Personal Information from you, such as your first and last name and your e-mail address, when you subscribe to our Dolphin Newsletter.
We may collect Personal Information from you, such as your first and last name, gender, and e-mail and mailing addresses when you access certain Services offered via the Application.
Changes to Personal Information You may change any of your Personal Information in your Account by editing your profile within your Account or by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below.
We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.
When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
You may request deletion of your Personal Information by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).
MoboTap welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
Please e-mail us at legal@mobotap.com or contact us at the following address or phone number: MoboTap Inc Attn: Legal Notices - Privacy 655 3 rd Street, Suite 150 San Francisco, CA 94107 E-mail: legal@mobotap.com Download Dolphin Browser Contact us Features Download Support Press Contact Business Blog English
We also do not collect other types of Personal Information, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Application.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will not collect your name and e-mail address or any other content included in the e-mail.
We don't collect Personal Information from you, such as your first and last name and your e-mail address, when you subscribe to our Dolphin Newsletter.
We do not collect Personal Information from you, such as your first and last name, gender, and e-mail and mailing addresses when you access certain Services offered via the Application.Personal Information is what identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers and information stored within your device.
We will not collect or store your Personal Information and we will not use, transfer or disclose your Personal Information.In such cases, Droidhen may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Droidhen.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you.
This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site "friends" and other information you have included in your social networking site profile.Droid.La does not collect PII with the exception of Customer Support contacts from users of its Site, App, and related online and mobile services.
Personal Identifiable Information Collection Droid.La uses the term Personal Identifiable Information (PII) in this policy, referring to information that specifically identifies an individual (such as an individual's name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), and information about that individual or such individual's activities or preferences when such information is directly linked to personal information.
Droid.La collects the following types of information from its Site and related services:
Information That You Provide Us: We receive and store personal information you provide us in any way, such as by telephone or by electronic mail.
This information may include your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and mobile device information.
Personal Identifiable Information Collection Droid.La uses the term Personal Identifiable Information (PII) in this policy, referring to information that specifically identifies an individual (such as an individual's contact information, address, telephone number or e-mail address), and information about that individual or such individual's activities or preferences when such information is directly linked to personal information. Droid.La does not collect PII from users of its Site, App, and related online and mobile services.
Droid.La does not collect the following types of information from its Site and related services: Information That You Do Not Provide Us: We do not receive or store your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and mobile device information.Email Password Caps lock is currently on Single sign-on enabled Remember me Sign in Continue or Log in with Dropbox credentials We sent a code to your phone number ending in .
Changes.
We may change the fees in effect but will give you advance notice of these changes via a message to the email address associated with your account.
Dropbox Teams Email address.
If you sign up for a Dropbox account with an email address provisioned by your organization, your organization may be able to block your use of Dropbox until you transition to an account on a Dropbox team (e.g., Dropbox Business plans or Dropbox Education) or you associate your Dropbox account with a personal email address.
If after such notice you fail to take the steps we ask of you, we'll terminate or suspend your access to the Services.
We'll provide you with reasonable advance notice via the email address associated with your account to remedy the activity that prompted us to contact you and give you the opportunity to export Your Stuff from our Services.
If an update affects your use of the Services or your legal rights as a user of our Services, we'll notify you prior to the update's effective date by sending an email to the email address associated with your account or via an in-product notification.
These updated terms will be effective no less than 30 days from when we notify you.
We collect, and associate with your account, information like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, physical address, and account activity.
Other users.
Our Services display information like your name, profile picture, and email address to other users in places like your user profile and sharing notifications.
This helps us show you teams you can join, and helps other users share files and folders with you.
When you register your Dropbox account with an email address on a domain owned by your employer or organization, we may help collaborators find you and your team by making some of your basic information-like your name, team name, profile picture, and email address-visible to other users on the same domain.
Dropbox Team Admins.
If you are a user of a Dropbox team (e.g., Dropbox Business plans or Dropbox Education), your administrator may have the ability to access and control your Dropbox team account.
If you are not a Dropbox team user but interact with a Dropbox team user (by, for example, joining a shared folder or accessing stuff shared by that user), members of that organization may be able to view the name, email address, profile picture, and IP address that was associated with your account at the time of that interaction.
Please refer to your organization's internal policies if you have questions about this.
Changes If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal.
We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
Dropbox may update the Services from time to time.
If Dropbox changes the Services in a manner that materially reduces their functionality, Dropbox will notify Customer at the email address associate with the account, and Customer may provide notice within thirty days of the change to terminate the Agreement.
By continuing to access or use the Services after revisions become effective, Customer agrees to be bound by the revised Agreement.
Dropbox may revise this Agreement from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on the Dropbox Business website.
If Customer does not agree to the revised Agreement terms, Customer may terminate the Services within thirty days of receiving notice of the change.
If a revision, in Dropbox's sole discretion, is material, Dropbox will notify Customer (by, for example, sending an email to the email address associated with the applicable account).
Other revisions may be posted to Dropbox's blog or terms page, and Customer is responsible for checking these postings regularly.
Terms Modification.
: Legal Department.
Box 77767, San Francisco, CA 94107, attn.
Notice.
Notices must be sent via email, first class, airmail, or overnight courier and are deemed given when received.
Notices to Customer may also be sent to the applicable account email address and are deemed given when sent.
Notices to Dropbox must be sent to Dropbox Legal at contractnotices@dropbox.com, with a copy to Dropbox, Inc., P.O.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
We do not collect, and associate with your account, information like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, physical address, and account activity.Easygame7 may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Easygame7 and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
In such cases, Easygame7 may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Easygame7.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you.
This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site "friends" and other information you have included in your social networking site profile.The personal information we collect includes the following: Personal information you give us when you use our Services or register for an account with us Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses when you register for an account with us
For these purposes we may contact you via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail.
When contacting you via telephone, to ensure efficiency, we may use autodialed or pre-recorded calls and text messages as described in our User Agreement.
Contact you, either via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail in order to: offer you coupons, discounts and special promotions, and inform you about our Services and those of our eBay Inc. corporate family.
We will use the contact information you have provided to contact you by e-mail, SMS text and/or telephone if you have consented to such contact.
The personal information we do not collect includes the following: Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses.For users that opt in to Emoji Keyboard Cloud, we will collect your email address, basic demographic information
If you register for our cloud-based services we will collect your email address if it is available.
"Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.We may also provide a more typical registration flow where you may be required to provide the following information: your age or birthday (for age screening and/or to better understand who our users are); your e-mail address; a password and other information that helps Us confirm that it is you accessing your account.
We may also provide a more typical registration flow where you may be required to provide the following information: your age or birthday (for age screening and/or to better understand who our users are); your e-mail address; a password and other information that helps Us confirm that it is you accessing your account.
We may also collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, geo-location, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, or e-mail address.
When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your activity on the Service, and your username or ID number.
It will be combined with other information We collect.
OTHER SOURCES We may collect or receive information from other sources including (i) other Epic War users who choose to upload their email contacts; and (ii) third party information providers.
This information will be used to supplement your profile - primarily to help you and your friends connect.
For example, We may, and you expressly consent for us to, use information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways: To create your Service accounts and allow access to our Services To identify and suggest connections with other Epic War users To enable user-to-user communications To provide technical support and respond to user inquiries To prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Use To deliver and target advertising To notify users of in-Service updates To provide in-Service leader boards and promote in-Service player achievements To solicit input and feedback to improve Epic War products and services and customize your user experience To inform users about new products or promotional offers To engage in commonly accepted practices, such as contacting you at the email address We have on file if you are a potential winner in a sweepstakes
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT In general, We collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, fun, and customized experience.
If you have provided your e-mail address to Epic War, we'll use it to respond to (i) customer support inquiries, and (ii) keep you informed of your in-Service activity, including comments from friends, notifications about in-Service status and requests.
We may also send promotional e-mail messages and promotional messages ("Promotional Communications") directly or in partnership with parties other than Epic War.
Epic War may use your information unless and until you send Epic War such a request.
If you have additional questions about this Privacy Policy, contact us at support@epicwar-online.com
If you have sent or posted content on the Service, We may not be able to delete it.
If you wish to review, change or correct the information Epic War has about you, e-mail us at support@epicwar-online.com You can turn off push notifications and local notifications by visiting the "notifications" page within the relevant Service You can stop further use of your geo-location by visiting your device's settings for the relevant application or the "settings" page for the relevant Service.
OTHER METHODS OF ACCESSING AND CONTROLLING YOUR INFORMATION If you no longer want Epic War to make active use of your information, you may send an e-mail to support@epicwar-online.com.
Place "Delete My Account" in the subject line and include your first name, last name, e-mail address and user ID number from which you access our Services (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail.
Please note that your information, for example those records pertaining to payments or customer service matters, may be retained for legal and accounting purposes.
We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY If We decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, We will notify you and other users by placing a notice on epicwar-online.com or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address We have on file for you.
It is your responsibility to periodically check this privacy page for updates.
We may supplement this process by placing notices in our Services and on other Epic War websites.In the event you submit feedback to us via our website, http://www.duapps.com/, we may collect and use certain of personal information you provide to us, including your e-mail address
No collection and use of personal information is occuring in our apps, including your e-mail address.When you create or configure an account in the Services, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, and email address.
By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Etermax may notify changes to Privacy Policy via email to the email address associated with your account.
If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using the Services and close any account related.
The most current version of the policy will govern the use of the Information and will be at http://www.etermax.com/en/privacy.
When you create or configure an account in the Services, you do not provide personal information, such as your name, username, password, and email address.we will ask you to input a limited amount of personal information (like email address and payment details, if you pay us), and we will also collect some information in the background (like device type, operating system, etc.)
Why we collect it Your username, email address and contact preferences
Your name, image and other personal information, if you elect to share it
The geographic area where you use your computing devices when you interact with the Service and the language you select
Your device identifiers
Additional information we collect in connection with Evernote Business accounts: Organization name and name and email address of account creator
Billing information (i.e., address, email address and telephone number) To communicate with the Billing Contact on the account and provide account support.
If you visit an Evernote website: We collect Why we collect it Your email address (if you provide it)
From time to time, where it is in accordance with your communication preferences, we may contact you via email with information about product announcements, service offerings that we think may be beneficial to you, software updates and special offers.
We also may contact you with information about products and services from our business partners.
Will Evernote Contact Me?
You may opt out of such communications at any time by following the opt-out instructions provided in emails or by logging into your Evernote service account via our web site at www.evernote.com and going to Settings > Personal Settings > Contact Preferences and changing your contact preferences.
In addition, if someone uses an email address, telephone number, social media profile, or other identifying information not associated with your Evernote service account to contact you through Evernote's Collaboration Features, then Evernote will contact you on the sender's behalf using the method chosen by the sender.
In addition, we may share with partners or Service Providers a hashed identifier derived from the personal information you have submitted to us (such as your email address) to serve you ads when you visit partners' and providers' websites, applications or platforms.
(The Admin will see the profile name for other members of the Evernote Business account or the contact information for people who are not in the Evernote Business account).
An Admin cannot access any of the Notes in your personal account or any of your Work Chat Content, however.
An Administrator ("Admin") of an Evernote Business account has access to all Notes you create in any Notebook associated with that Evernote Business account.
If domain auto-approval is turned off for your Evernote Business account and your personal Evernote service account is associated with your Evernote Business account's email domain (e.g., [username]@widgets.com), then when you send a Work Chat to someone else with an email address on the same email domain as you, then the Admin will know that you sent the Work Chat message but will not be able to view the Content of that message.
The Admin also can see the Evernote Business Notes or Notebooks you've shared and with whom you have shared this Content.
We do this so an Admin knows who else in your organization may need to be invited to join the Evernote Business account.
(If you have not added any profile information, then you will be identified solely by the email address associated with your Evernote service Account.)
If you initiate or respond to a Work Chat message, then the person with whom you are chatting will be able to view your profile.
The Evernote service has a number of Collaboration Features, and when you use these features to collaborate with others, some of the personal information you provide to Evernote, including your status as an Evernote service user, may be visible to these other users: If you share a Note or Notebook, or if you join a shared Note or Notebook, then anyone who has access to that Note or Notebook may see your user profile.
If Evernote learns of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify you and provide information on protective steps, if available, through the email address that you have provided to us or by posting a notice on our web site and/or via other communication platforms.
We do not collect Your username, email address and contact preferences Your name, image and other personal information The geographic area where you use your computing devices when you interact with the Service and the language you select Your device identifiers
We will not collect personal information (like email address and payment details, if you pay us), and we will also not collect information in the background (like device type, operating system, etc.) …In this case, we collect your name, company, email address and your query.
We only collect personal data in order to process a support query, which you can submit at http://www.fdg-entertainment.com/en/support.html.
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with Us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.
You can log in to our Services using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect, Google+, Google Play Game Services, or Apple Game Center.
The information we collect when you connect your user account to an Sign-in Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your Sign-in Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the Sign-in Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to our Services.
We may collect and record information through the Sign-in Service in accordance with the policies and terms of the respective Sign-in Service.
We do not collect personal data. In this case, we do not collect your name, company, email address and your query.
You cannot log in to our Services using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect, Google+, Google Play Game Services, or Apple Game Center. We will not collect or record the following information: your name, your Sign-in Service user identification number and/or user name, locale, city, state and country, sex, birth date, email address, profile picture or its URL.When you create an account with Flipboard, you give us your full name and email address, and create a username and password.
If you want to email something you see through Flipboard to a friend who isn't already a Flipboard account holder, we may keep their email address for the purpose of sending such email and improving our services.
Recipients may contact us at privacy@flipboard.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
When you create an account with Flipboard, we do not get your full name and email address, username, and password.If you play FGFF's games or access any of our other Services on a social network such as Facebook, we automatically receive certain information about you from the social network, depending upon the FGFF game you're playing, the social network, and your friends' and your privacy settings on that social network.
For example, FGFF automatically may collect and store some or all of the following information provided by the social network: your first and last name; your profile picture or its URL; your social network ID number, which is linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo; public data for your friends (including their social network ID numbers); the login e-mail you provided to that social network when you registered with it; the location of the devices you use to access our Services; your gender; your exact age and/or age range; other publicly-available information on the social network; and/or any other information that you or the social networks share with us.
We and service providers acting on our behalf, like Google Analytics, store log files and use tracking technologies such as: cookies, which are small pieces of data transferred to your mobile device or computer for record-keeping purposes; web beacons, which inform us if a page was visited or an e-mail was opened; tracking pixels, which we or or our advertising partners use to provide more efficient and effective advertisements; and local shared objects, also known as flash cookies, which help us reduce fraud, store your game preferences, and improve load times.
Some games or parts of our Services may use a registration or account set-up process where you may be asked to give us some or all of the following information: your age or birthday; your first and last names; your e-mail address; a password; and other information so we can authenticate you or so we can improve our services.
We may give you the ability to import your address book contacts, including names, e-mail addresses, and social media handles, if available, or manually enter them so that you can find your contacts on FGFF and invite them to play our games or to other of our Services.
Customer Support Correspondence When you contact our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you give them (generally, your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your FGFF player and/or social network ID number.
We will also store the communications you have with the Customer Service team and any information in those communications in order to provide support.
If you provide your e-mail address to FGFF, we will use it to respond to customer support inquiries, informed you about in-game activity, including comments from friends and in-game status updates and upgrades.
Some messages, such as invitations to friends to play a game, may include your name and profile photo.
We may also send promotional e-mail messages and promotional SMS messages (e.g.
text messages) ("Promotional Communications") directly or in partnership with other parties, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Place "Delete My Account" in the subject line and include your first name, last name, e-mail address and your social network ID for the social network from which you access our Services (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail (for example, your Facebook user ID).
Stopping Use of Your Information If you no longer want FGFF to use of your information, you may send an e-mail to LEGAL@FUNGAMES-FORFREE.COM.
We do not import your address book contacts and do not access names, e-mail addresses, and social media handles.
For example, FGFF does not collect or store the following information: your first and last name; your profile picture or its URL; your social network ID number, which is linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo; public data for your friends (including their social network ID numbers); the login e-mail you provided to that social network when you registered with it; the location of the devices you use to access our Services; your gender; your exact age and/or age range; other publicly-available information on the social network; and/or any other information that you or the social networks share with us.The types of information Game Circus may collect directly from you include your name, e-mail address, and phone number.
The types of information Game Circus does not collect directly from you are your name, e-mail address, and phone number.If you choose to connect to one of our Websites/Apps through a third-party social network such as Facebook or Game Center, we may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information from your profile on such third-party social networks, such as your name, username, photograph, gender and date of birth.
If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device.
If you choose to open an account with us, register for a contest, sign up for our newsletter, request support, or in any other way take steps that require the submission of Personal Information or Non-Personal Information, we may collect information such as your name, email address, physical address, date of birth, gender and/or phone number.
As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk.
However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We and/or our third-party partners have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the Personal Information collected through the Websites/Apps.
We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by email and you do so at your own risk.
We take, or obligate applicable third parties to take, reasonable precautions to protect our customers' Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Websites/Apps Security It is entirely your choice whether or not you provide Personal Information to us.
We do not collect information such as your name, email address, physical address, date of birth, gender and/or phone number.
We do not collect Personal Information, which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information (i.e., your specific location), Gameloft player ID, credit card information and, in some cases, usernames.The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, photograph, avatar, password, forum posts and comments, messages between users and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device.
We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels").
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
Our mobile applications that are distributed through various "app" stores may also request permission to automatically collect other information from your mobile device, including your email address.
For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information, profile picture, phone number, email address, gender, date of birth and friends lists,
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
If you wish to delete or deactivate your website account, please email us at privacy[at]glu.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We may also retain cached or archived copies of your website account information for a certain period of time.
Your Choices Website Account Information You may update, correct or delete your website account information, which includes your username, password, email address and avatar, by logging into your website account and managing your profile.If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective.
We may modify this Privacy Statement at any time.
You can determine when this Privacy Statement was last revised by referring to the "Effective Date" above.
You can review the last version of this Privacy Statement here.
We will collect information, including Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information,
You provide us with your Personal Information when you register, subscribe, create an account, make a purchase, or otherwise when you provide us with your Personal Information during your interaction with the Site and Other Programs.
We also receive Personal Information and other online and offline information from Other Sources
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted.
Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to privacy@groupon.com.
Relationship Information: information you provide that enables us to determine lifestyle, interests, and activities, including location information related to your state/province, city, or neighborhood; areas of interest, the types of deals that interest you, information collected through your interactions with social networks, demographic information (e.g., birth date, age, gender); information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred;
Pixel Tags and Web Beacons mean tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions.
We will not collect Personal Information or Non-Identifiable Information. Personal Information means information about you that specifically identifies you or, when combined with other information can be used to identify you. This includes the following types of information: Contact Information: your name, postal addresses, email addresses, social networking website user account names, telephone numbers, or other addresses at which you are able to receive communications. Relationship Information: information to determine lifestyle, interests, and activities, including location information related to your state/province, city, or neighborhood; areas of interest, the types of deals that interest you, information collected through your interactions with social networks, demographic information (e.g., birth date, age, gender); information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred. Non-Identifiable Information means information that alone cannot identify you, including data from Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons, and Device Data. Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access, use, or interact with the Site, such as operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device, geolocation, including precise geolocation, unique device identifier or other device identifier, advertising identifier, mobile phone carrier identification, and device software platform and firmware information.The Application will associate whatever name the hike user has assigned to the mobile telephone number in his/her mobile address book.As a result, if You have Your friend's mobile phone number associated with the name "Doctor" or "Electrician" in Your mobile address book, that's the name that will appear for that mobile phone number in Your hike list of contacts.
We may collect location data for use in the improvement of Services and users may also voluntarily share their location with other users via the hike application.
hike does not collect emails, addresses or other contact information from its users' mobile address book other than mobile phone numbers and names associated with such mobile phone numbers of the persons in such users' contact lists and/or address books.You directly provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name, personal identification number, postal or e-mail address and telephone numbers) and personal content preferences to us when you register for an Account.
For example, you can access information registered under your Account (including name, e-mail, password and communications preferences); e-mail notification settings; and transaction history.
User Access to and Control of Information (a) You can access some of the information that we collect and process about you.
(c) Youhereby agree to us communicating with you via email and any similar technology for any purposes relating to the Services, the Web Site, and any other services or software which may in the future be provided by us or on our behalf.
(d) Occasionally, we will send out e-mails concerning website disruptions, new features and other news about or in connection with our Services including without limitation notifications about in-game activity.
Such e-mails are considered a part of our Services to Users.
These e-mails are sent to all Account holders and are not subscription-based.
You may do so by accessing your Account with the IGG platform and updating the notification e-mail address under your Account settings page with the IGG platform or submitting the request at service.igg.com.
You should therefore update us whenever your email-address has changed.
(e) With respect to your communication preferences, you can either unsubscribe from newsletters by following the instructions indicated in the newsletter you receive, or adjust your Account settings regarding email contact preferences.
If your e-mail address has changed and you would like to continue to receive newsletters, you have to sign-up again for the newsletter after you have accessed your Account and updated your e-mail address information in your Account settings page with the IGG platform or by submittingthe request to update your e-mail address at service.igg.com.
You do not provide any personally identifiable information (such as your name, personal identification number, postal or e-mail address and telephone numbers).The personal data Imangi may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/user name, Imangi Services' or third party service ID, e-mail address.
The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in.
The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. Imangi does not collect, process or use your name, screen/user name, Imangi Services' or third party service ID, e-mail address.You can add or update certain information, such as your e-mail address, by using our User Administration pages.we collect such data including, but not limited to, your user name, password, first and last name, email address, telephone number (including mobile phone number), street address, gender, occupation, interests, messages you send to users, and any other data included in a submitted profile or resume, including but not limited to application materials and answers to screener questions submitted to Employers through Indeed.
We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, geolocation or email address.
A deleted account does not mean that all of the data is expunged from the Indeed systems, although it will not be readily available under the Job Seeker's original account name.
If the Job Seeker uses the same email address to set up a new account, this data will not become available to the Job Seeker again.
Indeed reserves the right to keep any materials in a deleted account as necessary to preserve and protect its rights as allowed by law (for example, to preserve records of a dispute) or to comply with its obligations under local law (for example, to keep an email address).
Limitation of Use or Disclosure of Personal Data When a Job Seeker deletes an account, the Job Seeker will no longer have access to any of the data which we provided under that account name, including but not limited to, search history, job search preferences, saved jobs, jobs the Job Seeker has applied to, job alerts, resume, and any other data associated with the account.
When the Job Seeker presses the delete account button on the dashboard, Indeed will begin to process that instruction within 24 hours and will have completed the operation within 40 days.
When you give Indeed contact information (such as your name and email address) and demographic information, you agree that Indeed may utilize this information as set forth herein.
A Linked Account is created when the primary account owner of an Employer account invites other users to the same account.
By registering for an Indeed account, you agree to receive mandatory email updates regarding anomalous activity to your Indeed account.
If you attempt to send an email from a name or email address that is not true, accurate, current or complete, we reserve the right to drop such email, and attempting to send such email is a violation of our terms.
If you so register, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration form (including your email address) and (b) be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your username and password, and not transfer or resell your use of or access to the Site to any third party.
In some instances, multiple users may be linked to the same account ("a Linked Account").
Indeed is not responsible and disclaims all liability if your email is used improperly or falsely by a third party.
Registration; Contact Information Some areas of the Site, including areas that may permit you to set up an Indeed account, require you to register or provide an email address.
When using a Linked Account, all users within the same Linked Account have access to the communications and actions of all other users within the Linked Account, and you consent to such access.
By providing Indeed with a mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receiving communication via such mobile number.
You agree that Indeed may, as part of its services to you, communicate with you, or initiate communication with you on behalf of a third party, through your Indeed account or through other means such as email, telephone (including mobile phone), or postal mail, including through the use of contact information that you may provide to Indeed or that Indeed may otherwise obtain from third-party sources.
Any notices to Indeed must be sent to the applicable Indeed entity identified in the first paragraph of this Agreement via certified first class or air mail or overnight courier, are deemed given upon receipt, and must reference the Program that is the subject of the notice (i.e., Indeed Ads Program, Indeed Resume Program, Indeed MoBolt or Indeed Publisher Program).
Notice to you may be effected by sending email to the email address specified in your account, or by posting a message to your account interface, and is deemed received when sent (for email) or no more than fifteen (15) days after having been posted (for messages in your Indeed Ads interface).
Notice to you may be effected by sending email to the email address specified in your account, or by posting a message to your account interface, and is deemed received when sent (for email) or no more than fifteen (15) days after having been posted (for messages in your Indeed Ads interface).
Applying to Indeed Prime Candidate: In order to use Indeed Prime as a Candidate you must create an Indeed account or login using your preexisting Indeed account, create a profile and apply.
At this stage, you will have the opportunity to block your profile from certain Employers.
If you are accepted into Indeed Prime, we will notify you via email.
Once you have been accepted, a member of the Indeed Prime Talent Team ("Talent Consultant") may reach out to via the email address or phone number you provided, and work with you to finalize your Candidate profile.
The Talent Consultant may continue to work with you throughout your time on Indeed Prime.
We may use a third party vendor to help us review your application.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to accept or reject your application to use Indeed Prime.
We will use the information that you provide us during the application process to determine whether you will be accepted into Indeed Prime.
When applying to Indeed Prime, we may require you to provide us with certain information including, but not limited to, your name, email address, phone number, skill set, salary requirements and geographic location.
Applying to be an Employer is free.
If your application is accepted, you will be notified via email and allowed to use the Indeed Prime online tool so as to engage with, and reach out to Candidates that are available in the Indeed Prime List.
In order to use Indeed Prime as an Employer you must also apply.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to accept or reject your application to Indeed Prime.
We will review the information that you provided to us during the application process to determine whether you will be accepted into Indeed Prime.
When applying we may ask you for additional information related to your company, including but not limited to, your name, email address, company URL, phone number and geographic location.
You agree that by using Indeed Prime, Indeed may call you at the phone number provided to Indeed, including cell phone numbers.
You further agree that Indeed provides email proxy and relay tools to the users of Indeed Prime and that Indeed may monitor, review, store and analyze your content (including your profile, applications, communications and responses) to provide you with personally relevant product features, prevent fraud, reduce unwanted mail, and provide quality control.
We do not collect your user name, password, first and last name, email address, telephone number (including mobile phone number), street address, gender, occupation, interests, messages you send to users, and any other data included in a submitted profile or resume, including but not limited to application materials and answers to screener questions submitted to Employers through Indeed.
Indeed does not receive contact information (such as your name and email address) and demographic information.Italy Games may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.Information you provide when you register for the Software & Services (if applicable), such as name, home or work addresses, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, birth date and gender;
Registration Related Information.
If you communicate with Us via our support section or via email, we may also collect your email address, name and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support (for example, your name, company name, and particular support query or request).
Such information will only be used to provide you with support services and will not be connected with any other information collected from you on or through the Software & Services, including, any individual User ID (as defined below) generated or collected by us.
As part of our privacy measures, we implement certain rules designed to avoid the unintentional collection of PII such as email addresses, social security numbers, credit card numbers, login information etc.
Registration Related Information. Information we do not obtain, such as name, home or work addresses, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, birth date and gender.Information that you provide in order to take advantage of particular opportunities (e.g.
Such information may include your name, user name, profile pictures, telephone number, email address, IDs, the names of your friends, your gender, social media networks, workplace, geographic location, application settings and statistics, status updates and user interactions.
We and our third party service providers collect such information from you through third party social media websites or other third party websites or services only when you voluntarily provide it, either directly or indirectly as a result of such websites or services being authorised to submit such information to us.
contests, sweepstakes, events, games or other applications) provided through third party social media websites or other third party websites or services.
We and our third party service providers collect such information from you through your device, including your name, user name, profile pictures, telephone number, device identifiers, email address, contacts, GPS location, browser history, chat or messaging activity, application linked friends and respective IDs."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.
We do not collect Personal Information. "Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.If you choose not to sync your phone contacts with Kik, you can still upload your phone number and email address to make it easier for friends to find you.
For example, when you sign up for an account or message or communicate with others, including our support team, you may give us your name, username, email address, phone number, address, birth date, contact preferences, photos and gender.If you create an Account using your login credentials from one of your accounts with certain third-party social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (each, an "SNS Account"), we'll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to access.
If you create an account in connection with your use of any of the Services ("Account"), either through our Site or when you setup and register one of our Products, we'll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII")
we'll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII")
We'll not collect information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII").
We'll not collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII"). It is not possible to use your login credentials from third-party social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (each, an "SNS Account"). Thus, we won't be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings from any SNS Account.Personal data means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g.
We collect and store Personal data only with your consent.
your name, email address).Information we collect about you, for example, may include your: Name; Postal address; Geolocation (your device's longitudinal and latitudinal information); E-mail address; Social media account information (such as username and website); Telephone or mobile number; Photograph, image, or likeness; and Payment card information.Registration information you provide when you create an account in one of our channels, including your first name and surname, country of residence, gender, date of birth, email address, username and password.
During the registration process, we may ask the child to provide certain information for notification and security purposes, including a parent or guardian's email address, the child's first name and gender, the child's member or account username, and password.
Registration Children can, in many cases, register with our sites and applications to view content, play games, participate in contests, and engage in special features, among other things.
We may also ask for birth dates from children to validate their ages.
We strongly advise children never to provide any personal information in their usernames.
About the collection of parent email address: Consistent with the requirements of COPPA, on any child-targeted site or application, or in any instance where we ask for age and determine the user is age 12 or under, we will ask for a parent or guardian email address before we collect any personal information from the child.
If you believe your child is participating in an activity that collects personal information and you or another parent/guardian have NOT received an email providing notice or seeking your consent, please feel free to contact us at Data Privacy Officer privacy.officer@lego.com.
We will not use parent emails provided for parental consent purposes for marketing directed towards the parent, unless the parent has expressly opted in to email marketing or has separately participated in an activity that allows for such email contact.
If we do not receive parental consent within a reasonable time, we will delete the parent contact information and any other personal information collected from the child collected for the purpose of contacting you.
In the email we will explain what information we are collecting, how we plan to use it, how the parent can provide consent, and how the parent can revoke consent.
Parental consent mechanisms: Email consent (low level consent): In the event the LEGO Group wishes to collect personal information from a child, COPPA requires that we first seek a parent or guardian's consent by email.
Contests and sweepstakes For contests and sweepstakes, we typically require only the personal information necessary for a child to participate, such as first name (to distinguish among family members) and parent email address (to notify the parent where required by law).
We only contact the parent for more personalized information for prize-fulfilment purposes when the child wins the contest or sweepstake.
In those instances, we may require parental consent prior to submission.
Of course, some contests and sweepstakes ask the child to submit their own created content along with the child's entry.
Parent's will be sent a notice along with instructions on how they may provide their consent for their child to particiapate in such activities via email (sent to the email address on file for the parent).
Please see content generated by a child above for more information on our collection, notice, and consent policies.
We will not allow your child to participate in such activities until we have received your consent for them to do so.
Email contact with a child On occasion, in order to respond to a question or request from a child, the LEGO Group may need to ask for the child's online contact information, such as an email address.
The LEGO Group will delete this information immediately after responding to the question or request.
In connection with certain activities or services, we may collect a child's online contact information, such as an email address which is collected from the parent, in order to communicate with the child more than once.
In such instances we will retain the child's online contact information to honour the request and for no other purpose such as marketing.
On some occasions a child may be engaged in more than one ongoing communication, and a parent may be required to "opt-out" of each communication individually.
One example would be a newsletter that provides occasional updates about a site, game/activity, television show, personality/character, or feature movie.
Parent's may opt their child out from receving these types of communications by following the unsubscribe instructions located within each communication or by emailing us at http://service.lego.com/contactus.
Whenever we collect a child's online contact information for ongoing communications, we will simultaneously require a parent email address in order to notify the parent about the collection and use of the child's information, as well as to provide the parent an opportunity to prevent further contact with the child.
Finally, we will not associate the device identifier with other personal information without contacting the parent to get consent.
If you no longer wish to allow your child to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
Push notifications: Push notifications are notifications on mobile and other devices that are typically associated with downloaded applications, and which can communicate to the device holder even when the application is not in use.
We will require a child to provide a parent email address before the child can receive push notifications from our child-directed applications that collect a device identifier.
We will then provide the parent with notice of our contact with the child and will provide the parent the opportunity to prevent further notifications.
In any correspondence such as e-mail or mail, please include the child's username and the parent's email address and telephone number.
To protect children's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify a parent's identity before granting access to any personal information.
If we make material changes to how we use Personal Information collected from children under age 13, we will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for the new uses of the child's Personal Information.We may collect the following information: contact information including email address demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Controlling your personal information You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
How we use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We don't collect contact information including email address demographic information such as postcode.If you choose to enable the "Allow Others to Add" feature, your phone number is used to let other users who have your phone number in their address books add you as a LINE Friend, and to allow other LINE users who have your phone number to find you.
Please note that you can at any time choose to enable or disable this "Allow Others to Add" feature in the App, in "Settings" > "Friends".
your email address and a password and/or PIN code to LINE
Please note that if you change your mind later and decide you no longer wish to provide your email address, you can at any time remove it in the "Settings" > "Accounts" menu in the LINE App.
we may obtain and maintain any information you choose to provide, including your name, contact info such as your email address, phone number, as well as information about your mobile device or personal computer such as its device type, and OS type.
we may request your contact details (e.g., your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, gender and date of birth)
You can also delete your registered e-mail address or de-link your Facebook account.
•under "Accounts" in "Settings" in the App, you can confirm and/or revise your registered e-mail address.
If you change your mind regarding how much information you wish to continue to share or disclose on Services going forward, you can always change the settings in the LINE App relating to, for example: •your profile information (e.g., your profile picture, your display name, or a personal phrase shown under the status message); •whether to allow other LINE users to contact you using your LINE ID; •whether to register your e-mail address; •whether to link your Account with your Facebook account; •whether to block or unblock certain LINE users; •whether to add contacts automatically using the address book in your mobile phone; •whether to allow other LINE users, who already have your phone number, to reach you via LINE; or •whether and with whom to share or not share your posts on your Timeline.
What If I Change My Mind?
We will not ask for your email address, password, or PIN code to LINE
We do not obtain or maintain your name, contact info such as your email address, phone number, or information about your mobile device or personal computer such as its device type, and OS type.
We do not request your contact details (e.g., your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, gender or date of birth)The Company will collect the user's information including email address, user name, and password.
(Japanese Only)
A full listing is available here.
Cookies Cookies are used to improve user convenience such as filling in email addresses automatically upon login, and for security purposes such as maintaining and protecting a session.
Furthermore, the Service also uses Behavioral Targeting Advertising as an efficient and effective way to deliver advertisements of companies which are in cooperation with the Company.
Information, guidelines and procedures regarding Behavioral Targeting Advertising systems and the way cookies are used by the advertising companies are available.
The help function collects the user's email address, real name, user name, PC hardware information etc.
The Company, in turn shall disclose such information except under the following conditions: when the disclosure is likely to harm the life, body, property or other rights or interests of the user or any other third party when the disclosure is likely to severely interfere with the Company's proper operations when disclosure itself would constitute a violation of laws and/or regulations when the Company is unable to verify the user's ownership of the personal information requested for disclosure.
User Rights Users may, at any time, confirm or correct their registered personal information such as email address and/or password on the Service website.
Users can also delete their accounts.<> Users may, through the procedures determined by the Company, send the Company a request for the disclosure of personal information which the users cannot confirm/access via the Service website.
The Company will not collect the user's email address, user name, or password.It covers personal information, which is information we can link to you personally.
It is part of the Lookout Terms of Service (available at www.lookout.com/legal/terms).
Our Privacy Policy applies to our websites (including at www.lookout.com and our mobile websites), our mobile application, and all other Lookout Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Service).
Personal Information ("PI") includes data like your name, email address, phone number, or mobile device's unique identifier, among other things.
This document is our Privacy Policy, which describes what information we collect from you and how we use it.
You Are Responsible for Maintaining the Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password
To create an account, you must provide your email address and a password.
If you wish to fill out our employment application form, we will ask for information, including your name, email address, phone number, and allow you to upload your resume and cover letter.
This information will be used to provide you with additional information on products and services from Lookout or our business partners, which might be of interest to you.
You can choose not to receive such marketing communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our emails, as further described below.
h. Premium Content & Promotions We may ask for your email address and other contact information in order to access various Lookout content, such as whitepapers, videos, or other research materials, to participate in surveys, contests, promotions, or sweepstakes, or to obtain additional information about Lookout services and products.
Theft Alerts starts Backup and activates your device's camera remotely, without sound or other notification, and sends the resulting picture and its GPS coordinates to the email address associated with your account.
When Theft Alerts is activated and a photo is taken, the picture and location data are stored briefly on our servers so we can send you an email with the picture and a map of your device's location.
What types of information do the Identity Protection Services collect: Contact information (such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address);
We may use your email address or mobile number to send privacy or security related notices and notify you of major Lookout services changes.
We may use your email address or mobile phone number to communicate about product announcements and special promotions from Lookout or our business partners, or to administer participation in special events, surveys, contests and sweepstakes.
Currently for Lookout Backup, our policy is to delete: (i) all Backup Data if you have not accessed our services for 90 consecutive days, or (ii) pictures and call history from your Backup Data if you have not upgraded to a Premium Subscription within 90-days after your Premium trial or if you have discontinued your Premium Subscription for 90 consecutive days.
Data Retention Policy Our policy is to retain personally identifiable information only as long as reasonably necessary to provide our products and services to you and others or as otherwise required for legal compliance purposes.
We may change that policy from time to time.
We may delete your data if your account is inactive and as otherwise provided in our Terms of Service.
We will generally notify you via the email address associated with your account before deleting your Backup Data.
You Are Responsible for Maintaining the Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password
If you believe your password has been compromised, please change your password immediately via the Lookout website, or contact us at support@lookout.com for assistance.
Lookout is not responsible for personal data transmitted to a third party as a result of a user's providing an incorrect email address.
We recommend a strong password that you do not use with other services.
We use that email to contact you about service updates, changes to our policies, and account activities such as requests for your information or locate attempts on your device.
You are responsible for ensuring that the email address associated with your account is accurate.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password at all times.
If you have any questions or complaints about Lookout's privacy practices, including questions related to the Privacy Shield, you may contact us at the email address or mailing address set forth under "Contact Us if You Have Any Questions or Concerns."
Theft Alerts starts Backup and activates your device's camera remotely, without sound or other notification. It does not collect GPS coordinates and email addresses, though.
We do not receive your email address and password.
The Identity Protection Services are not collecting contact information (such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address);We may also provide a more typical registration flow where you may be required to provide the following information: your age or birthday (for age screening and/or to better understand who our users are); your e-mail address; a password and other information that helps Us confirm that it is you accessing your account.
We may also collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, geo-location, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name or e-mail address.
When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on the Service, and your username or ID number.
It will be combined with other information We collect.
OTHER SOURCES We may collect or receive information from other sources including (i) other MZ users who choose to upload their email contacts; and (ii) third party information providers.
This information will be used to supplement your profile - primarily to help you and your friends connect.
For example, We may, and you expressly consent for us to, use information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways: To create your Service accounts and access to our Services To identify and suggest connections with other MZ users To enable user-to-user communications To provide technical support and respond to user inquiries To prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Service To deliver and target advertising To notify users of in-Service updates To provide in-Service leader boards and promote in-Service player achievements To solicit input and feedback to improve MZ products and services and customize your user experience To inform users about new products or promotional offers To engage in commonly accepted practices, such as contacting you at the email address We have on file if you are a potential winner in a sweepstakes
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT In general, We collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, fun, and customized experience.
If you have provided your e-mail address to MZ, We'll use it to
If you have additional questions about this Privacy Policy, contact Us at support@mz.com
If you have sent or posted content on the Service, We may not be able to delete it.
If you wish to review, change or correct the information MZ has about you, e-mail Us at the address provided herein.
MZ may use your information unless and until you send MZ such a request.
OTHER METHODS OF ACCESSING AND CONTROLLING YOUR INFORMATION If you no longer want MZ to make active use of your information, you may send an e-mail to support@mz.com.
Place "Delete My Account" in the subject line and include your first name, last name, e-mail address and user ID number from which you access our Services (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail.
Please note that your information, for example those records pertaining to payments or customer service matters, may be retained for legal and accounting purposes.
We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days.
You can stop further use of your geo-location by visiting your device's settings for the relevant application or the "settings" page for the relevant Service.
You can turn off push notifications and local notifications by visiting the "notifications" page within the relevant Service.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY If We decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, We will notify you and other users by placing a notice on www.mz.com or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address We have on file for you.
It is your responsibility to periodically check http://www.mz.com and this privacy page for updates.
We may supplement this process by placing notices in our Services and on other MZ websites.
MZ does not receive your e-mail address.
We will not collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, geo-location, or your user name, character name or e-mail address.
We do not provide a typical registration flow and do not obtain your age or birthday; your e-mail address; or password.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
We do not assemble your name, email address or other details.We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your primary account holder account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.When you sign up for a Metago Account or other Metago service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address, your mobile phone number and an account password).
We do not ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address, your mobile phone number or account password).We may collect Personal Information about you, including your name, date of birth, address, telephone number and email address.
Metro will not use or disclose Personal Information for direct marketing without your prior consent unless the information: is collected directly from you, and you would reasonably expect direct marketing, and there is a simple means to opt out.
This may include through sending you information via mail, email, SMS and telephone.
Using and disclosing your personal information for marketing purposes Provided we have obtained your prior consent, we may use your Personal Information we have collected in order to enable us or our related entities to promote and market services to you.
We do not collect Personal Information about you (your name, date of birth, address, telephone number and email address.)If a user chooses to register, they can input a date of birth, username and email address to set up an account.
Immediately upon registration, the under-13 user's email address is turned into an encrypted format, a "one way hash", which we can't read and which is used to authenticate the user login process.
The user name of registered users under 13 is not used as a means to contact such users.
We do not permanently store the email addresses of users under 13 in a recoverable format and, because we do not retain the email addresses of under-13 users in a usable form after initial registration, we have no means of initiating contact with such users by email after registration.
If you are 13 years of age or older and you choose to register to use the Services we will collect your date of birth, username, password and email address and we may collect other information such as your smartphone device type.
For Facebook Connect users we store the following information: user ID, first name, email address, date of birth, gender, avatar and other information based on your use of our Services.
If you register to use the Services via Facebook Connect, a service which you need to be over 13 years of age to use, you give us express permission to receive data from Facebook such as your name, user ID, gender, location (country and/or city specific), email address, date of birth and avatar.
By using the Services and agreeing to this Privacy Policy, users over 13 years of age authorise us to use their information for our general commercial purposes including to send email, SMS or other notifications to them relating to the Services.
How we use and disclose the information We do not retain any personal data for longer than necessary.
We may use information to ensure that users are in compliance with our terms.
Our phone number is +41 327 235902.
Parental Review Parents, if you would like to review your child's information, ask to have it deleted, and/or refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information, then please send a letter to our Privacy Manager at Miniclip S.A., Rue des Beaux-Arts 8, 2000, Neuchâtel, Switzerland.
Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you.
To protect your child's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the information that we collect and maintain about your child.
Users cannot input a date of birth, username or email address.
We do not receive data from Facebook such as your name, user ID, gender, location (country and/or city specific), email address, date of birth and avatar. We do not store the following information: user ID, first name, email address, date of birth, gender.
We will not collect your date of birth, username, password or email address.We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
When you contact Mobigame, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing.
We do not store your email address."Personal Information" means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you. "Personal Information" means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.The categories of personal data collected includes contact information like your name, phone number or email address, account information like your profile picture or video, username and password, date of birth and age, user and device information like your preferences, time zone, app version, dubbed video files, recorded or imported sound files or event and communication data, i.e.
details about your interaction with the Service.
For the purpose of finding your friends and sharing the Service with them, we also allow you to cross check your email addresses and phone numbers with those of your friends from your mobile device's address book, however, we do not have access to such information because it is fully anonymized via hashing.
The categories of personal data collected does not include contact information like your name, phone number or email address, account information like your profile picture or video, username and password, date of birth and age, user and device information like your preferences, time zone, app version, dubbed video files, recorded or imported sound files or event and communication data, i.e. details about your interaction with the Service.If you do not provide information that is true, accurate, and complete, MobilityWare has the right to suspend or terminate your account.
If you supply your e-mail address in the Account set up, we only use it to communicate with the account holder and for end user verification.
User Account This App may support a persistent user account based on your e-mail address or social network login.
You agree to notify MobilityWare of any unauthorized use or your password or Account.
You agree to provide true, accurate, and complete information about yourself.
You are responsible for anything that happens through your Account, and you shall not share the Account and login information.
You may not share, trade or sell your Account to any other party.
You shall not use the App and your Account to engage in any illegal or offensive conduct.
If you choose to send us e-mail for customer support reasons, your e-mail address will be used only to communicate with you to solve your problem.
If you voluntarily give us any personal information for other promotions or contests, we do not share or sell this to other third parties.
MobilityWare does not collect personally identifiable information such as names, social security numbers, addresses, e-mail addresses, gender identity, affiliations, age, height, weight, id photos, etc.
Your e-mail address will not be stored.Certain Motorola Experiences need to process information to function.
These Motorola Experiences may access this information only on your mobile device, or they may collect the information and upload it to our servers.
This information may include personal information like your email address and phone number, information from your user profile, contextual data, the location of your Motorola products, and user generated content.someone else tells us information about you (e.g., when Thunderbird works with your email providers to set up your account)
We do not learn information about you. Thunderbird does not work with your email providers to set up your account, and does not store your email address."Personal Information" means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number.
If you register an Account with us to use the Service, then you must provide us with certain Personal Information, such as your email address
For example, when you log in with your Twitter or Facebook credentials, we may collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available on those websites, such as your User name and profile picture.
We may collect Personal Information from a social media website when you use your social media credentials to log into the Service.
We collect all information that you provide to us, including any Personal Information, when you contact us for customer-support purposes.
We may send email to the email address you provide to us (a) for customer service related purposes, (b) to provide you with updates or information relating to the Service, including promotions and other opportunities, or (c) for enforcement of the EULA or this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number. We do not gather any Personal Information from you.
Personal Information means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number. If you register an Account with us to use the Service, we do not gather Personal Information, such as your email address.When you use our email support services, we collect your correspondence in order to build up a public knowledge base, which will be available to all users of the site.
We do not collect your e-mail address and correpsondence.If You are under the age of 13 years, please do not attempt to access the Games or send any information about Yourself to Us including, without limitation, Your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under 14 years old or knowingly allow such persons to register.Contacting Us If you have general questions about your account or how to contact Customer Service for assistance, please visit our online help center at https://help.netflix.com.
For questions specifically about this Privacy Statement, or our use of your personal information, cookies or similar technologies, please contact us by email at privacy@netflix.com.
We collect information you provide to us which includes:
your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method and telephone number.
Advertising cookies: These cookies use information about your visit to this and other websites, such as the pages you visit, your use of our service or your response to ads and emails, to deliver ads that are more relevant to you.
How can I exercise choice regarding cookies and other types of online tracking?
Many of the advertising cookies associated with our service belong to our Service Providers.
These types of ads are called "Interest-Based Advertising."
We do not collect your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method and telephone number.Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
Use of Information We may use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of purposes, including to: Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you; Contact you via email and otherwise about your account, products, services, contests, and events that we think might be of interest to you; Send you promotional material or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties; Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer; Publish stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features; Process employment applications and inquiries; Customize and personalize your use of the Services; and As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, push notifications, and similar communications from us.
You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or "unsubscribe" link included in the commercial e-mails you receive.
If your information changes, or if you no longer desire to use the Services, you may request that we update or remove certain information by signing into your account and making the required changes, by emailing our Customer Support at NFLPrivacy@nfl.com, or by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Changes To This Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
We are not asking you for contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number.We will, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, collect information and/or personal data, including but not limited to, Your first and last name, gender, date of birth, profile picture or its URL, residential address, email address, phone number or other contact information and certain technical information.
5.2.
A cookie is a small text file recorded on Your hard drive that identifies You as a unique user and contains certain information about Your particular login session and/or Your use of the Services.
Cookies allow Us to improve the quality of the Services, make recommendations, and make the Services easier to use for You.
Please note that companies delivering advertisements within the Services may also use cookies or other technologies, and those practices are subject to their own policies.
We may also use other technologies, including but not limited to, web bugs, tracking pixels and cookies.
Web bugs allow Us to know if a certain page was visited or whether an email was opened, while tracking pixels allow Us to advertise more efficiently by excluding current users from certain promotional messages, identifying the source of a new installation or delivering ads to You on other websites.
We will, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, not collect your gender, date of birth, profile picture or its URL, residential address, email address, phone number or other contact information and certain technical information.When using our NQ Family Guardian mobile application we will collect a parent's email address, password and a child's name or display name as well as their age range and a parents mobile number.
To provide comprehensive security services for you to monitor and protect you or your child's phone usage or read yours or your child's location information, the products and services we provide may read private information concerning your phone and your using of the phone, including without limitation: SMS, MMS, Email, Contacts, call log, call conversation, location information, the phone number, the IMSI, the IMEI, the ICCID, the ESN and the model of the phone, the software that is installed and apps that are running in the phone, and information about analytics on your operation, your favorites, network connection and downloading, which is unique and may contain yours or your child's personal information.
Except for the email address you previously provided, the information collected would not identify you.
13 Policy modifications 13.1 We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If we make material changes to how we use Personal Information collected from children under age 13, we will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for the new uses of the child's Personal Information.
Your email address is not provided to us.
When using our NQ Family Guardian mobile application we will not collect a user's email address, passwords, display names, age ranges or mobile numbers.
The products and services we provide do not read private information concerning your phone and your using of the phone, such as SMS, MMS, Email, Contacts, call log, call conversation, location information, the phone number, the IMSI, the IMEI, the ICCID, or the ESN.During linkage process to the membership, the company collects personal information such as names, sex, profile images, locations, email addresses, nationality and language settings of mobile devices for registration purposes, convenient customer service and other various services.
The company does not collect personal information such as names, sex, profile images, locations, email addresses, nationality and language settings of mobile devices for registration purposes.Personal Information is not received by us when you open an account or use our services, such as your name, telephone number and email address;Any emails and/or SMS sent by Paytm will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services & products and this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information Personal Information means and includes all information that can be linked to a specific individual or to identify any individual, such as name, address, mailing address, telephone number, email ID, credit card number, cardholder name, card expiration date, information about your mobile phone, DTH service, data card, electricity connection, Smart Tags and any details that may have been voluntarily provide by the user in connection with availing any of the services on PaytmThe information we collect may include: personal data, for example your name, email, IP-address, location
The information we do not collect: personal data, for example your name, email, IP-address, location.This information may include your name, unique username, pictures of yourself, e-mail address, date of birth, phone number.
We may collect information that You give to us, for example when You sign up to use our Services (in the Service or via third party login/connect).
This information may include your Internet Protocol address, time of your requests or actions in the service, mobile device ID, hardware type and operating system version, operating system, access times, browser type and language, location based on Internet Protocol ("IP") address or Global Positioning System (GPS), advertising ID, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), your device name, your email address (if You have connected e.g.
We may use technical means to collect information about You when You use our Services.
to Facebook or Google+), and referring website addresses.
In such case we may collect Personal Information, such as your user ID, name, e-mail address, and profile picture that are available in your public profile with such third party, and content such as posts, comments, media, and applications.
We may allow You to connect the Service to your social media account(s) such as through Facebook Connect, Apple's Game Center or any other third party service to obtain information about You when You consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to 69 Studio and, consequently 69 Studio may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits to make that information available.The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address and your survey response only.
The only situation we may get access to your PII is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report.
In above situation, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services.
We will never use such information (e.g.
your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
We never get access to your PII. PII is your name, email address.For example, we collect your name, email address, user name, social network information and other information you provide us when you register, set up an account, contact us by e-mail or use our services.
We collect certain personal information that you voluntarily provide to us.
For example, we do not collect your name, email address, user name, social network information.This can include your name, profile photo, Pins, comments, likes, the email address or phone number you used to sign up, and any other information you provide us.
When you sign up for or use our products, you voluntarily give us certain information.
Depending on how you're accessing our products, we may use "cookies" (small text files sent by your computer each time you visit our website, unique to your Pinterest account or your browser) or similar technologies to record log data.
For example, we may use cookies to store your language preferences or other Pinterest settings so you don't have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest.
For more detailed information about how we use cookies, please review our Cookies Policy.
Some of the cookies we use are associated with your Pinterest account (including personal information about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other cookies are not.
When we use cookies, we may use "session" cookies (that last until you close your browser) or "persistent" cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them).
• Cookie data.
For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we may help your Facebook friends find your account on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest.
Or, we may allow people to search for your account on Pinterest using your email address.
• Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest.
• Respond to your questions or comments.
For example, you can: • Access and change information in your profile page at any time, choose whether your profile page is available to search engines, or choose whether others can find your Pinterest account using your email address.
If you have a Pinterest account, many of the choices you have on Pinterest are built directly into the product or your account settings.
Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices over your information.
What choices do you have about your information?
When you sign up for or use our products, you do not provide us your name, profile photo, Pins, comments, likes, the email address or phone number you used to sign up.We may collect any or all of the information that you give us depending on the type of transaction you (or your child) enters into, including your email address, together with data about your use of the app or website.
Upon registration, you are required to provide a valid Account E-mail address.
Your other information that may have been willingly provided such as real name, phone numbers, personal e-mails, addresses, etc
are kept confidential unless stated otherwise at the time of entering them.This type of service allows this Application to manage support and contact requests received via email or by other means, such as the contact form.
The Personal Data processed depend on the information provided by the User in the messages and the means used for communication (e.g.
email address).Personal data ("Personal Information") may be required to use some services offered by PSafe, or users may have the option of providing it, including name, home address, email address and contact telephone number.
PSafe may collect and store Personal Information, including the user's name and e-mail addresses
along with password and user name if users registers on PSafe's services;
if users send correspondence to PSafe (either letters or emails or through another electronic messaging tool).
No part of the services offered by Psafe collctes your personal information, including name, home address, email address and contact telephone number.
PSafe does not collect and store Personal Information, including the user's name and e-mail addresses along with password and user name if users registers on PSafe's services; if users send correspondence to PSafe (either letters or emails or through another electronic messaging tool).As used in this Privacy Policy , "personal information" means information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, and other information that is not otherwise publicly available.
This privacy policy explains the use of information collected via our website www.reliancegames.com or affiliated site owned and operated by Reliance Games (collectively, the "Site"), customer service operations and game service.
Mailing List Member: If you choose to provide us personal information in order to subscribe to our mailing list or newsletter, we may collect information to aid delivery and preferences such as e-mail address and message performance statistics.
Methods for Collecting Information: Anonymous Site Visitor: If you visit our Site we may record information related to your IP address, cookie information, and aggregate information on what content you access or visit.
This information is collected in the background while you move around our Site.
To participate in some of our promotions, you may be asked to provide an e-mail address and/or name, so that we can let you know if you won a prize.
However, parents are welcome to contact us about any personally identifiable information about their child by email.
If your child's personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or delete it by making the change by contacting us at the email address support@reliancegames.com.
which can be done by contacting us at the email address provided above
We do not obtain an e-mail address and/or name.
No personal information is collected via our website www.reliancegames.com or affiliated site owned and operated by Reliance Games (collectively, the "Site"), customer service operations and game service. As used in this Privacy Policy , "personal information" means information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, and other information that is not otherwise publicly available.For example, when you to set up a basic Retrica account, we need to collect a few important details about you, such as: a unique username you'd like to go by, a password, an email address, a phone number.
When you interact with our services, we collect the information that you choose to share with us.
When you interact with our services, we don't collect information. We do not collect passwords, email addresses, and phone numbers.For example, you can submit certain information about yourself, such as your name and email address, when you create a Samsung Account.
For example, you cannot submit certain information about yourself, such as your name and email address, when you create a Samsung Account.For example, you can submit certain information about yourself, such as your name and email address, when you create a Samsung Account.When you register the Licensed Application, you must complete a registration form that requires you to provide Personal Information (including, without limitation, your name and email address).
please include your name and username/email address in any such request
If the email address you provide us is an email address that you access via a wireless device, you understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages, and that you may change your mind at any time and elect to not receive such messages.
You also represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which the messages may be received, and that you understand and are authorized to approve the applicable charges.
At no time is the Personal Information you provide transmitted via the third-party delivery service unless as required by the nature of the delivery mechanism (electronic mail, for example, requires your name and email address for delivery).
Reminder Alerts.
Should you allow the Licensed Application to provide reminder alerts, you understand and agree that this service may be provided using services operated outside of the Licensed Application, including, but not limited to, systems such as Android's Services.
Should you disagree with the mechanism of this service, you agree to disable and not use reminder alerts as provided in the Licensed Application.
You may choose to allow the Licensed Application to provide reminder alerts.
You understand and agree that pertinent data needed for such alerts will be transmitted and temporarily be stored on services operated by Scan, and that at the appropriate time, this alert data will be transmitted via corresponding services, e.g., Android's Services, for delivery to your device or chosen delivery endpoints.
Personally Identifiable Information. We do not obtain Personal Information (including, without limitation, your name and email address).Although you may provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your phone number, e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, etc.)
The information that we collect through your download and use of the Apps is limited to the public profile information within your social media profile on Google+, Facebook, and/or Twitter, if you choose to register your App account via such social media providers.
This information may include your first and/or last name, profile picture, and e-mail address.
when purchasing an App, this information is provided to the online/mobile application store in connection with your purchase and/or registration of the App.
We do not connect to your social media profile on Google+, Facebook, and/or Twitter. We do not receive your e-mail address.
Our app does not obtain certain personally identifiable information (such as your phone number, e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, etc.), this information is not provided to the online/mobile application store in connection with your purchase and/or registration of the App.In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses.
When you use any of our Games or applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), the version of your operating system ("OS"), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address).
We may collect your name, email addresses, postal addresses, and/or telephone calls with names and numbers to return calls when you contact our customer service group and we may use that information to contact you about your gaming experience with our Games and notify you about company news and promotions.
If you have sent or posted content on the Service, We may not be able to delete it.
Other Methods of Accessing and Controlling your Information If you no longer want us to make active use of your information, you may send an e-mail to privacyofficer@pikpok.com.
Place "Delete My Account" in the subject line and include your first name, last name, e-mail address and user ID number for the SNS from which you access our Games (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail.
Please note that certain records, for example those pertaining to payments or customer service matters, will be retained for legal and accounting purposes.
We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days.
We do not collect your name, email addresses, postal addresses, and/or telephone numbers.
In addition, we do not process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses.At initial member sign-up and when using the Service, the Company collects the following information for member identification and the provision of optimized service.
[Types of personal information collected]
Members who sign up with an email address
Required: Name, email address, password
Members who sign up with their Facebook account
Required: Facebook user id number, name, email address
<Members who sign up with their Google account> - Required: google user id number, name, email address
To register partnership/suggestions: Company name(organization name), contact name, phone number, email address, webpage address, and FAX number
[Methods of collection] The Company collects personal information using the following means: 1) Collected at member sign-up, through event participation, by fax, by phone, by email, through on/offline websites and applications, through the customer center, and when requesting deliveries 2) Collected from partner companies 3) Collection through tools that compile generated information
The Company does not collect the following information: Name, email address, password
Members cannot sign up with their Facebook account, and we never collect a member's email address.
Not collected is contact name, phone number, email address, webpage address, and FAX number.If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order.mail address to send you promotional offers by e-mail or by any other equivalent means of electronic communication (such as direct messages on social networks, for example).
We will not obtain your e-mail.This type of collection often occurs through our business support processes, such as: Registration or Account Creation Processes, where we ask you to provide information such as: Contact info (e.g.
name, email or mailing address, or phone number)
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons, (also known as "1x1 GIFs" or "clear GIFs") may be included on our websites or in our e-mail messages.
Web Beacons.
A parent only needs to provide limited information about their child (an email address and date-of-birth) to create a sub-account for their child.
We do not ask you to provide information such as: Contact info (e.g. name, email or mailing address, or phone number)
No email address and date-of-birth is gathered.If you connect a SoundHound application to your social networks (or other third party services or applications), we collect your public profile information (such as your name, gender, age, locale, e-mail address and profile picture).
If you register with SoundHound, we collect your name, email address, zip code, gender and year of birth.If you connect to the Service using credentials from a Third Party Application (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use) (e.g., Facebook), you authorise us to collect your authentication information, such as your username and encrypted access credentials.
We may also collect other information available on or through your Third Party Application account, including, for example, your name, profile picture, country, hometown, email address, date of birth, gender, friends' names and profile pictures, and networks.
When you sign up for the Service, we may ask you for information such as your username, password, email address, date of birth, gender, address, postal code, and country.
4 How we use the information we collect Consistent with the permissions you give us to collect the information, we may use the information we collect, including your personal information: to provide, personalise, and improve your experience with the Service and products, services, and advertising (including for third party products and services) made available on or outside the Service (including on other sites that you visit), for example by providing customised, personalised, or localised content, recommendations, features, and advertising on or outside of the Service; to ensure technical functionality of the Service, develop new products and services, and analyse your use of the Service, including your interaction with applications, advertising, products, and services that are made available, linked to, or offered through the Service; to communicate with you for Service-related or research purposes including via emails, notifications, text messages, or other messages, which you agree to receive; to communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, for marketing and promotional purposes via emails, notifications, or other messages, consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to us (e.g., through your Spotify account settings); in the section Your preferences below, we inform you of the controls you can use to opt out from receiving certain messages; to, if you explicitly provide us your permission, use your mobile phone number to send you informational, marketing and promotional text messages using an automatic dialing system; you are not required to provide consent as a condition of signing up for Spotify's services; to enable and promote the Service and other services or products, either within or outside the Service, including features and content of the Service and products and services made available through the Service; to process your payment or prevent or detect fraud; to enforce this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions of Use, and any other terms that you have agreed to, including to protect the rights, property, or safety of Spotify, its users, or any other person, or the copyright-protected content of the Service; to provide you with features, information, advertising, or other content which is influenced by your location and your location in relation to other Spotify users; and as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
Performance / Analytics We use these cookies to analyse how the Spotify Service is accessed, is used, or is performing.
This information tells us about our newsletters' effectiveness and helps us ensure that we're delivering information that you find interesting.
We may also obtain information from our email newsletters, including whether you opened or forwarded a newsletter or clicked on any of its content.
We use this information to maintain, operate, and continually improve the Spotify Service.
Functional These cookies let us operate certain functions of the Spotify Service in line with the choices you make.
These cookies mean that when you continue to use or come back to the Spotify Service, we can provide you with our services as you have asked for them to be provided, such as knowing your username, remembering how you have customised our services, and reminding you of content you have enjoyed.
Targeting / advertising We use these cookies to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
The information may also be used for frequency capping purposes (e.g., to ensure we do not display the same advertisement to you repeatedly) and to help us regulate the advertisements you receive and measure their effectiveness.
We do not collect your authentication information, such as your username and encrypted access credentials. We also do not collect other information available on or through your Third Party Application account, including, for example, your name, profile picture, country, hometown, email address, date of birth, gender, friends' names and profile pictures, and networks.
We do not ask you for information such as your username, password, email address, date of birth, gender, address, postal code, and country."Personal Information" means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you, which means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc."Personal Information" is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number.
The types of Personal Information and Anonymous Information we collect are: If You set up a "My Account" account, we will collect Your contact details such as email address and country, as well as, if appreciated, the information You provide us with in order to receive the newsletter of Your preference.
We collect Personal Information that You submit to us voluntarily through our Websites and Your use of our products and services.
We may collect Anonymous Information passively or actively.
If You buy products or services from our web store, we will collect Your full name, the name of Your company (if applicable), Your postal address, e-mail, phone number.
If You request customer support services for Sygic products and/or services, we will collect Personal Information to enable us to provide customer support services to You, including Your name, email address, etc.
We will also collect other information about the Sygic products You own, such as the serial numbers, date of purchase and information related to a support or service issue, some of which might include Personal Information.
By joining a Sygic community, like Policetraps.com , Sygic will collect Personal Information like Your email address and any such information You will voluntarily provide to Sygic like map corrections or police traps report etc.
This Personal Information is used for the purpose for which You provide it to Sygic.
This Personal Information is used only for the purpose for which You provide it to Sygic.
You may also be asked to provide Personal Information about a person other than Yourself (for example if You want to purchase a gift for someone and this Personal Information is required for the fulfilment of the delivery of Your purchase), such as name, address, email address.
Sygic may collect Personal Information through surveys for market research purposes to gain a better understanding of our customers, to improve our products and services, and to develop new products and services.
The information we collect in such instances depends on the survey, but might include Your name, address, age, information about Your use of our services and products and the like.
If You send us an email to apply for a position with Sygic, we will collect Your email address and the full content of Your email, included attached files, such as resumes, and other information necessary to process Your application.
We may receive Personal Information about You from third parties that provide us with data from their databases.
Sygic is entitled to contract third parties to perform its direct marketing activities.
Sygic may use Your Personal Information to conduct market research, to improve our products and/or services, to provide more responsive customer service and to improve our Websites and related Communication Channels, products and services.
Sygic uses Personal Information to contact You via mail, via email or phone to inform You of our (new) products and/or services, promotions we may offer, to submit a customer survey and any other marketing activity.
Sygic also uses Personal Information to contact You, always on an "opt-in" basis, via mail, email address or phone to inform You of product and services of our carefully selected partners.
We will not collect your email address.
We are not collecting Your email address.
Personal Information is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. We do not collect Personal Information during Your use of our products and services.
Personal Information is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. We do not receive Personal Information about You from third parties.
We will not collect Your postal address, e-mail, or phone number.For registration through Tango, you are only required to provide your mobile phone number or your email address, depending on the device(s) you are using on the Service.
When you download an application that is part of the Service you are requested to register with us.
If you are not already a user of the Service, when you first install an application that is part of the Service on your device, you are invited to register with Tango and as part of this initial registration, you will be asked to allow us access to your address book.
If you consent, we will have access to contact information in your address book on the devices you use for the Service (names, numbers, emails, and Facebook ID, but not notes or other personally identifiable information) and we will store it on our servers and use it to improve the Service and help you use the Service.
We collect and store certain profile information including your name, phone number, email address, picture, country of residence and preferences.
To solicit information from you, including through surveys; To contact you via email, SMS or otherwise for the purpose of informing you about new products, services or promotions offered by Tango (you can opt-out of such emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link, withhold your consent to receive an SMS or reply stop to an SMS in order not to receive future SMSs);
Facebook Connect), we may store your Facebook ID and corresponding token on our servers and, if you give us your express consent, we will have access to and may collect certain information that you make available on Facebook (for example, your first and last names, email address, profile picture, your friend lists and birthdays).
In addition, if you register with Tango using your Facebook account (e.g.
You control your Profile and you can access and modify your Profile from the Tango application at any time.
Your User Profile The information you enter into your user profile (your "Profile") may be shared with your Tango contacts.
We will not have access to contact information in your address book on the devices you use for the Service (names, numbers, emails, and Facebook ID).
When you are using Tango, we do not receive your mobile phone number or your email address.This address will only be used to send you a password recovery code, if you forget it.
Your e-mail address When you enable 2-step-verification for your account, you can opt to set up a password recovery email.
Your e-mail address. This address will not be collected.In providing WeChat, we collect, store and use the following Information relating to you: "Information" is Personal Information and Non-Personal Information; "Personal Information" is any information or combination of information that relates to you, and can be used to identify you.
Personal Information may include the following: information you make available to us when you open a WeChat account, such as your name, telephone number, email address and credit card information; any information included in your publicly visible WeChat profile, which may include your profile ID, name and photo; information you make available to us via your use of WeChat – for example, via: WeChat Moments; your sharing of your contact list
and information we collect as you use WeChat, such as certain Location Data and Log Data.
for example, any Shared Information
information made available by another user
" Location Data" is information that we collect regarding your location (when you use a location-enabled service), including: the location of your device when you use WeChat, such as from the GPS, WiFi, compass, accelerometer or other sensors in your mobile device; the IP address of the device or internet service you use to access WeChat; and other information made available by you or others that gives an indication as to where you are or have been located, such as
geotag information that is embedded in any photos you make available
" Log Data" is technical information that is automatically collected by us when you use WeChat, whether through the use of cookies, web beacons, log files, scripts and etags (as explained in more detail in the "Tracking Technologies" section below) or otherwise, including:
date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
technical information, such as your mobile carrier-related information, configuration information made available by your web browser or other programs you use to access WeChat, your IP address and your device's version and identification number
the date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
your IP address and your device's version and identification number;
" Non-Personal Information" is any information that relates to you but from which it is not practicable to directly or indirectly identify you, including Personal Information in aggregated, anonymised or pseudonymised form.
" Shared Information" is information about you or relating to you that is voluntarily shared on WeChat.
Location Data and Log Data associated with such postings.
Shared Information also includes information about you (including Location Data and Log Data) that others who are using our services share about you.
Shared Information may include
By agreeing to this Privacy Policy , you consent to the third party use, sharing and transfer of your Personal Information (both inside and outside of your jurisdiction) as described in this section.
In addition, we allow third party marketing partners (such as WeChat official accounts, analytics providers and advertising partners) to collect your Personal Information over time and across different websites or online services when you use WeChat.
For example: you may share content on, or login to, WeChat using services provided by third parties.
These third party services will authenticate your identity and provide you with the option to share certain Personal Information with us.
WeChat may link you to social media or other features or services (including websites, plug-ins and widgets) provided by a third party.
In consenting to such linking, we will use your username and password for the relevant third party service only for the purpose of such contact list linking (and will delete such information immediately after such purpose is completed); you may login to WeChat using other sign-in services such as an Open ID provider.
you may link your WeChat contact list to your contact lists on your device and/or in your account on third party services, in order to search for and connect with contacts on those contact lists who also have a WeChat account.
These sign-in services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Information with us for account registration and login purposes, such as your name and email address;
Please note that such third parties who provide such services may be able to collect your Information and Personal Information (including your Log Data),
These third party social media or other services may be hosted by the relevant third party or us.Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
TerranDroid may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
Connect with Facebook: If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook account within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who have also connected with our applications.
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook about you, please contact us at support@terrandroid.com.
In addition, we will cache data we receive from the Facebook APIs to improve our user experience.
TerranDroid is not collecting personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service. Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.When you choose to register a user account, you will be required to provide certain information about yourself.
You may choose to add additional information to your account, including your first and last name, birthdate, gender, phone number, home address, work address, and television provider.
You may register using your e-mail address
You may register using your e-mail address or your Facebook, Google+ or Amazon account.
Complete a survey-for example, you may choose to provide us an e-mail address so that we can contact you about your survey response;
you may provide your telephone and home address
you might set a "home" location
For example, we automatically collect: Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about your browser Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Advertising identifiers Mobile or Internet Carrier
If you decline to allow location information collection, your location is not collected and you must type in a location or zip code to see the weather for that location or zip code.
Our collection methods include GPS, cellular network location and other location-based services.
Alerts and Notifications.
Certain Services offer you the ability to receive push notifications for weather-related updates.
If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications, you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered
To provide these Services, we may need to collect your e-mail address, phone number, device information, and mobile carrier information, in addition to the postal code or geographic area to which the alert, update or notification pertains.
Certain of our mobile applications interface with Session M. If you have an account with Session M and choose to log into Session M's mPOINTS through one of our mobile applications to earn mPOINTS, Session M will provide us with your e-mail address.
Other Types of Information We Collect.
We do not use the e-mail address provided by Session M for any other purpose than to fulfill the Session M service.
If we buy, merge, reorganize or sell any business, personal data and non-personal information will likely be disclosed or transferred as part of the transaction.
If, in connection with a purchase, sale, merger or reorganization your personal data will be processed in a materially different way, our practice is to notify users who have provided us with an e-mail address via e-mail.
Purchase or Sale of Businesses.
We continually look for ways to improve our business, including purchasing a business or selling all or part of our business.
Changes to the Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy as business needs require.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here prior to the time they take effect.
If we make material changes to the way we use personal data, affected users who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail.
We do not collect your e-mail address.
You may register without your e-mail address. We do not obtain your birthdate, gender, phone number, home address, work address, and television provider.If you do so, you authorize us to access certain Facebook account information, such as your public Facebook profile (consistent with your privacy settings in Facebook), your email address, interests, likes, gender, birthday, education history, relationship interests, current city, photos, personal description, friend list, and information about and photos of your Facebook friends who might be common Facebook friends with other Tinder users.
In addition, we may collect and store any personal information you provide while using our Service or in some other manner.
In order to register as a user with Tinder, you will be asked to sign in using your Facebook login.
This may include identifying information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number,
Ad companies also use pixel tags to measure the number of ads displayed and their performance (such as how many people clicked on an ad).
Pixel tags.
These tiny, invisible graphics are used to access cookies and track user activities (such as how many times a page is viewed).
We embed pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear GIFs) on web pages, ads, and emails.
We use pixel tags to measure the popularity of our features and services.
communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties;
To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), please notify us at privacy@gotinder.com
We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
We may post a notice on our Service if a security breach occurs.
You agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues, such as security breaches.
You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
We do not receive your email address.
In addition, we do not collect any personal information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device, including from your address book, location, photos or contacts folder, in order to enable certain features of an Application or the Services, such as the feature that finds and suggests mutual friends and other individuals who you may know.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax and other device numbers, social security numbers, calendar entries stored within your Device, contact entries stored within your Device, files, content, photographs, location information and other metadata in photographs and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Services, and/or the Site which identifies you or another person.
Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active.
We do not collect Personal Information.In connection with your use of the Services, we do not collect any information that can be used to contact or identify you directly, such as your full name, email address, postal address or phone number ("Personally Identifiable Information" or "PII").We may record your email address after your feedback is sent through your email address.Compulsory information when creating a profile page is the User's first name, last name and phone number and additional information that may be provided at the User's option include, but is not limited to, photo, gender, street address and zip code, country of residence, email address, professional website, Facebook page, Twitter address and a short status message.
Where the Truecaller Apps are obtained from other sources than Apple App Store or Google Play, You may share the names, numbers and email addresses contained in Your device's address book ("Contact Information") with Truecaller for the purpose described below under
Other numbers or information that may be contained in your device's phone book will be filtered away and will therefore not be stored or used by Truecaller.
Please note that no other Contact Information than the phone numbers and thereto attached names and email addresses will be received, stored and used from the User's address book.
Use, Sharing and Disclosure of User and Contact Information Information related to the User or Contact Information will be used to: (a) display the name associated with a certain number at a manual number search against the Truecaller database, (b) automatically display the caller's name when a call is received, as enabled by the Enhanced Search functionality, as described below, to Users who have activated that functionality, and indicate possible common connections with the caller or when an incoming call may be spam, (c) display the "who viewed my profile" and "availability" functionalities of the Services, (d) provide selected Truecaller partners with limited information in order to enhance user experience, service functionality and data accuracy, provided that these partners adhere to strict confidentiality provisions no less protective of your rights than the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, (e) enable the Truecaller Name Search, as described below, to Users who have activated that functionality, (f) contact You from Truecaller for verification purposes or with information pertaining to the Services, e.g.
newsletter e-mails and similar notifications, and verify provided User Profile information with third party providers, (g) deliver messages through the Truemessenger app, (h) enable You to use and share Your user information in connection with Your use of third party services, (i) customize, maintain, measure, improve our Services and develop new ones, (j) personalize, measure and improve our advertising and use geo-location information to provide You with location based information and services (such as more relevant advertising, search results and other personalized content).
For the provision of free versions of the Services, Truecaller may also collaborate with a few selected third party advertising networks, which in such case may be provided limited information related to the freemium User's device (but no other User or Contact Information).
Truecaller, or a third party on its behalf, may collect and use your email address, telephone number and ID for advertising (including, but not limited to, content viewed by you, content you have commented on and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on) through the Truecaller Apps and share this information with third party advertisers and networks.
We do not collect the User's phone number, gender, street address and zip code, country of residence, email address, professional website, Facebook page, Twitter address and a short status message.
Please note that no Contact Information, phone numbers and thereto attached names and email addresses will be received, stored and used from the User's address book.
For the provision of free versions of the Services, Truecaller may also collaborate with a few selected third party advertising networks, which, however, are not provided information. Truecaller, or a third party on its behalf, is not collecting and using your email address, telephone number and ID for advertising (including, but not limited to, content viewed by you, content you have commented on and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on) through the Truecaller Apps.
The Truecaller app does not obtain the names, numbers and email addresses contained in Your device's address book ("Contact Information").If you register to use the Service, then you must provide us with certain information, such as your name and email address, in order to create an account and user profile.
For example, when you log in with your Facebook credentials, we collect the information you have authorized Facebook to share with us, such as your name, email address, gender, date of birth, and profile picture.
We collect information from social media services when you use your credentials for these services to log into the Service.
If you subscribe to our newsletter, then we will collect certain information from you, such as your email address.
We will collect any information which you provide to us through your communications with our customer-support team.
If you give us permission to import to the Service the contacts from any email account associated with your account, then we will collect information about your contacts.
We also collect your contacts if you share information or Content with them from the Service or invite them to use the Service.
We also may send push notifications to your device and a newsletter to the email address you provide to us in the event that you subscribe to receive the newsletter.
We may send email to an email address you provide to us (i) for customer-service or technical-support purposes, or (ii) to send you (a) information about topics or content that we think may interest you, or (b) updates about the latest developments or features on the Service.
For example, you can change the email address and password associated with your account and you may choose to keep your Follow Lists private.
If you are a broadcaster, you can change the information you provided to us by contacting us per the information below.
Once you have registered for the Service, you may change your profile settings in your account on the Service.
We are not obtaining your name and email address.
We do not collect information from social media services. For example, we do not collect your name, email address, gender, date of birth, and profile picture."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.
We do not collect information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, and any other information you choose to provide.This information may include: name, email, phone number, postal address, profile picture, payment method, items requested (for delivery services), delivery notes, and other information you choose to provide.
We collect information you provide directly to us, such as when you create or modify your account, request on-demand services, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
We do not collect your name, email, phone number, postal address, profile picture, payment method, items requested (for delivery services), delivery notes, and any other information.Typically, the Personal Information collected includes: name; email address; telephone number; shipping and billing address; date of birth, and payment information for those purchasing products through the Services.
We may obtain certain information about you from third parties, including Personal Information.
For instance, we may use your email address to send you service announcements that tell you about updates to our Terms of Use or this Policy, changing in pricing, changes to the Services or our online service or customer support policies.
To communicate with you and respond to your emails, submissions, questions, inquiries, comments, requests, and complaints and to provide customer service.
To monitor and analyze the Services usage and trends and otherwise measure the effectiveness of the Services or request feedback from you about the Services; To send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages, to detect and prevent fraud, and to otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Services; To conduct surveys contests and sweepstakes; To operate the Services, including, without limitation, payment processing, and products delivery ; and To personalize and improve the Services and Users' experiences, to increase the functionality and User friendliness of the Services, to deliver advertisements, newsletters, coupons, promotions, rewards, awards or other content, or features that match User profiles or interests on the Services, and to provide recommendations as to other advertisements, content or features that may be of interest to Users on the Services; To provide you with news and information about our third party events, activities, offers, promotions, products, and services we think will be of interest to you; For any other purpose as described in this Policy or for which we notified you the information will be collected, used and shared and received your consent.
Friend Finder tools: By using friend finder tools, you acknowledge that use of these tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Uplay account, other Ubisoft accounts if any (and related gaming entitlements, including games played on PC, mobile and console platforms) with your social networking profile and/or email address.
Note that the friends that you choose to include on any friends' list may be able to find and/or identify you in the context of different Ubisoft products and Services, and may see the profiles and information you have made visible to them or to everyone.
Similarly, Ubisoft may also collect or receive information about you from other Users who choose to upload their email and other contacts.
This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends connect.
Your resulting friends' list, which may be accessible across Ubisoft sites, will be subject to this Policy.
More specifically, when a Child registers, (s)he must supply the e-mail address, and/or other contact information of a parent or legal guardian who will be contacted by Ubisoft to ask him/her to confirm, refuse to modify his/her Child's registration.
Parental consent applies exclusively to the specific service for which it has been granted.
The parent/legal guardian may be asked to provide additional documentation or perform additional actions as part of the approval process as consistent with applicable law.
Ubisoft reserves the right to ask for written proof of parental consent for any User or potential User of the services suspected to be a Child.
Ubisoft reserves the right to refuse access to the Service pending confirmation and activation by his/her parent or guardian.
Certain Services are specifically designed for Children and enable Children to create their own free accounts for which Ubisoft collects their username or other identifier, password, date of birth (or age), photo, video, voice recording, country, zip code or other geo-locational information, and parent or guardian's e-mail address and/or other parent or guardian contact information.
Such Services sometimes offer the possibility of paying for a subscription or certain game functions which enable Children to participate in more activities on the Services by making a payment.
The subscription services may also allow parents or guardians to manage their Child's account and create their own player accounts.
Certain Services enable Children to create personalized avatars which they can use in numerous activities in the services, including mini-games and virtual worlds.
Children may also use other functions of the Services such as "Recommend to a friend" to invite a friend to find out about the Services.
The "Recommend to a friend" functions enable Children to send their friends a single message inviting them to visit the related service.
This information is neither stored nor used for any other purpose and we do not reveal your child's e-mail address to the recipient.
Ubisoft will collect the first name and e-mail address of your Child (or, failing that, the e-mail address of the parent or guardian) and the e-mail address of his/her friend for the sole purpose of sending a single message.
You can access and update the contact information you gave us during registration (that is, your e-mail address or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you), by logging in and clicking the Edit Profile section, or contacting us at privacy@ubisoft.com.
As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies any individual ( including without limitation, name, date of birth, address, telephone/mobile number, e-mail address, or payment/billing information), and any other information that is required by applicable law to be treated as Personal Information ("Personal Information"). Personal Information that is not collected includes: name; email address; telephone number; shipping and billing address; date of birth, and payment information.View information about "cookies" and related technologies
The Relevant Mobile Advertising program uses your postal and email addresses; certain information about your Verizon Wireless products and services such as your device type; and demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from other companies such as your gender, age range and interests (i.e.
This information may be combined with information the AOL Advertising Network collects when you use AOL services and visit third-party websites where AOL provides advertising services (such as web browsing, app usage and location), as well as information that we or AOL obtain from third-party partners and advertisers.
sports fan, frequent diner or pet owner).
View information about "cookies" and related technologies
View information about "cookies" and related technologies
Cookies must be enabled for you to use your Verizon e-mail account.
Disabling cookies may prevent you from using specific features on our sites and other websites, such as ordering products or services and maintaining an online account.
Most computers' Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
View information about "cookies" and related technologies
You also can limit the collection of certain website information by deleting or disabling cookies.
We do not drop cookies. Most computers' Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Cookies do not need to be enabled for you to use your Verizon account. View information about "cookies" and related technologies. You also do not need to submit an e-mail address to us.
The Relevant Mobile Advertising program does not use your postal or email addresses; demographic and interest information, such as your gender, age range and interests (i.e. sports fan, frequent diner or pet owner).When you use our various Services you voluntarily give us personal information (e.g., name, email, birth date, phone number and, when necessary, billing information) and you are not anonymous to us.
If you sign in to your Viber account through third-party social media sites like Facebook or Twitter, you agree to give us on-going access to your personal information on such sites (e.g., your public profile, friend list, accounts you follow or who follow you, your email address, birthday, work history, education history, interests, current city, and video viewing).
We may receive certain information about you which is stored on social media sites if users of those sites give us access to their profiles and you are one of their friends or connections, depending upon your settings on those sites.
If you want to use Viber Out, you'll need to create a "Viber Account" by selecting a password, and providing certain personal information (e.g., name, email and billing information).
If you want us to create a Viber ID for you, we will use information you provided in the registration process (e.g., name, email, password, phone number), as well as your IP address to do so.
When you use our various Services we do not receive your personal information (e.g., name, email, birth date, phone number and, when necessary, billing information) and you are anonymous to us.
No name, email, password, phone number, or IP address is received by us.
We have no way of obtaining your password or other types of personal information (e.g., name, email and billing information).The categories of information we collect can include: Information you provide.
We collect personal information from our users in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience.
We may collect and store personal information you enter in our Service or provide to us in some other manner, including your name, email address, mobile phone number, user name and password.
We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the App, technical and security notices).
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the App, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications, and permit you to share your creations on the App with your contacts or social media sites.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Videoshow to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, e-mail address;
We do not collect and store your name, email address, mobile phone number, user name and password.If you contact us by email, we may keep a record of that correspondence in our system.
We do not keep a record of your e-mail correspondence in our system.data that are provided by the Users and are minimally necessary for registering on the Site: name, surname, sex, mobile phone number and/or e-mail;
Access to the Site is authorized using the User's login (e-mail address or mobile phone number) and password.
The User is responsible for keeping this information confidential.
The User may not transfer his / her login and password to third parties and is also obliged to take measures for keeping them confidential.
The Users' personal data are not collected such as name, surname, sex, mobile phone number and/or e-mail.At any time you may choose not to receive such material by:- (i) changing the email preferences in your Account accessed via the Website; or (ii) clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link in the e-mail messages that we may send to you.
In any case, Waze will not knowingly share your personal information with any advertisers, without your explicit consent and as allowed for under this Privacy Policy;
subject to your prior indication of consent, we may also use the email address that you provide when setting up a username to send you marketing material.
Accordingly we only collect such information which you allowed the social network(s) to share with third parties (such as your name, email address, list of friends, profile picture, other information you make publicly available via the applicable social network).
In this Privacy Policy , the term "personal information" means any information collected by us or provided by you that, with reasonable efforts, may be used to identify you, which may include first and last name, home address, email address and, in certain circumstances, your location and route information and is not collected.
Accordingly we don't collect social network(s) information to share with third parties (such as your name, email address, list of friends, or profile picture).A description of the content hosted on our Services that you claim infringes your copyright or trademark.
A description of the copyrighted work or trademark that you claim has been infringed.
Note that we regularly provide your contact information, including your name and email address (if provided), the name of your organization or client who owns the rights in question, and the content of your report to the person whose content you are reporting.
Please include all of the following information when reporting a copyright or trademark infringement claim to WhatsApp: Your complete contact information (full name, mailing address, and phone number).
You may wish to provide a professional or business email address where you can be reached.If you elect to refer a friend, we will automatically populate a message for you to send to your friend inviting him or her to try the Service on your behalf, however the actual message will be sent via your mobile device or social network and you will be able to edit the final message before you send it.
Please ensure that you have your friend's express permission to disclose this personal data before providing it to us.
Referrals If you choose to use our referral feature in the Application to tell a friend about our Service, you will be prompted to enter your friend's email address or mobile phone number or log into your preferred social network.
We do not store your friend's data.Every user has the opportunity (when registering for a game, for example) to state its email or other electronic addresses, so that we can send out gaming news.
We do not collect email or other electronic addresses.("Personally Identifiable Information").
Gamenco does NOT collect, transmit or disclose any information that would identify you personally, such as: your name, e-mail address, mobile phone number, etc.
If you send an email to our support center, we store your email in our database.
In addition, we may use all such information to improve the quality of our services and/or to add new features, functionality.
We may collect and use your IP Address, Android advertising identifier and other statistical and technical information, such as the version of your operating system, your device code name, your current network connectivity status, and your device manufacturer, in an aggregate anonymous manner.When you sign up for a YouVersion account, or another Life.Church service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and an account password).
When you sign up for a YouVersion account, or another Life.Church service or promotion that requires registration, we do not ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address or account password).Some of that information can be used by Zedge to identify or contact you directly and is sometimes referred to as personally identifiable information.
We obtain certain information when you provide it to us: for example, if you setup your account profile, participate in a discussion board or report a problem on one of the Websites, you may provide your name, email address, your date of birth, photograph, and a list of interests such as your favorite music and television shows.
If you are based in the EEA, please note that the data privacy regulations that apply in countries outside the EEA may not offer the same level of protection as provided for inside the EEA.
The data Ogury collects may be shared within its group and with select business partners, including those based outside the European Economic Area ("EEA").
The data that Ogury collects may include information about your device, location, email, application, and browsing usage.
We do not store your name, email address, or date of birth.During the registration or your use of the Services we ask you for your personal data such as name, email address, billing information.
Data storage Services uses third party hosting providers to store your data.
We store your username, encrypted password, contact list and email address.
No users will be asked for names or email addresses.