The information you may provide or that may be collected from you through BANDAI NAMCO's mobile applications will generally fall into one of the following categories (please carefully read and understand the definitions of the terms below, as these terms may be used elsewhere in this Privacy Policy): Personally Identifiable Information ("PII"): PII may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card information (including billing and shipping information), or other information that may enable the recipient of such PII to personally identify or contact you online or off.
This Privacy Policy covers all information that may be voluntarily provided to BANDAI NAMCO or collected from you by BANDAI NAMCO, through your use of a BANDAI NAMCO mobile application, which may include certain "personally identifiable information" or "PII" as defined below.Information processed could include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, BlackBerry ID, device identifier information such as your BlackBerry PIN, airtime service provider information, communications with BlackBerry and any recorded complaints.Bank card or credit card information is used to pay for Pinguo Technology services or products.
The information we collect includes: Any names, email addresses, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, uploaded profile photos or bank cards, etc.
entered or filled in when you register for an account.Candy Mobile may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
We do not collect Personal Information.
ion includes your names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and or the Site which identifies you or another person.We do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address.The types of Personal Information collected in this fashion may include but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Services or provide to us in any other way, including via any third party site or service through which you authorize us to access your information (e.g., Facebook )."Personal Information" is information that identifies you, which may be transmitted or received when you use J4F Services.
Personal Information may be: your name, telephone number, email address, physical address, calendar entries, phonebook entries, files, photos, geographical location and any other information that can identify you.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you.
As we do not collect any Personal or Non-Personal Information about you, we can't store, use or disclose it.
All personal and non-personal information obtained by the use of above Permissions are used only by the Products itself and are not stored, used, disclosed outside of the Products.You agree that you will exercise caution and common sense if you provide us with or let us collect or receive information, including Received Information, about someone else (including Contact information),If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form.
You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and billing address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date).This includes information that can identify you ("personal information"), including your first and last name, telephone number, postal and email addresses, and billing information (such as credit card number, cardholder name, and expiration date).
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way.
Examples of information we may receive include: updated delivery and address information, purchase history, and demographic information.If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 (or any applicable age in your jurisdiction)."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
Storm8 may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
We may collect Your Information, including your email address, in connection with your creation of an Account.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, social security number, Web search or other details to help you with your experience.You may be asked to provide us your name, e-mail address, phone number, fax number, postal address, credit card number (for purchases), and possibly other personal information.
Correcting/updating your personal information If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove your personal data provided to us.
Registered users can update their information here or by contacting DataViz directly.
This can be accomplished by contacting DataViz via e-mail, fax, phone or mail communication.Doodle Mobile may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.If you win, we may need to collect your social security number, postal address and/or national identification for eligibility, prizes delivery and tax purposes.
and Information you provide to enter a contest or sweepstakes.To facilitate participation of the user in interactive activities and issue of prizes from such activities, ELEX usually requires the applicant to fill out forms pertaining to his/her personal interests in addition to contact information (i.e.
mailing address and phone number).If you transact with us, we collect some additional information, such as a billing address,Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified.
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email, mail, telephone, or conspicuous posting on our website in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.Depending on the Google Payments services you use, in addition to the information listed in the Google Privacy Policy, you may be asked to provide the following information: Credit or debit card number and card expiration date, bank account number and expiration date, address, phone number, date of birth,We or our TPPs, may require Customers who register to purchase products (including, but not limited to, end-user licenses to use our intellectual property) from our Website or within our Apps, to be on our e-mail list, or generally to use our products, including, but not limited to, our Website and Apps (collectively, the "Service" or "Services") to give Us or our TPPs contact and other information, which may include but is not limited to Your name, company name, address, phone number, email address, cookies, IP address (collectively "Personal Information").Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, email, telephone number, home address, demographic information (such as zip code, age and gender), location information, or payment information (such as account or credit card number)
We or our service providers may collect Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, email, telephone number, home address, demographic information (such as zip code, age and gender), location information, or payment information (such as account or credit card number).
Usage Information may include Device Identifiers (as defined below)
a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Platforms are accessed and used ("Usage Information").
A Device Identifier is a number such as a mobile advertising identifier (Android AAID or Apple IDFA) that is assigned to your Device when you access a website or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier.
We or our service providers automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for the Device (computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device) you use to access the Platforms.
Your Personal Information and location data may also be used by us or shared with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies or other third parties in connection with marketing, promotional, and other offers, as well as product information, and for providing such third party with advertising, analytics and market research.
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our Platform to your profile page to share with others within your network.
You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our Facebook or Twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Usage Information, Device Identifiers, and Personal Information such as lists of your friends, "likes", comments you have shared, groups and location.KAKAO will also collect shipping information (including the name, mobile phone number and address) to ship your order.you may contact us by emailing the following information to ip-notice@king.com: a description of the intellectual property rights and an explanation as to how they have been infringed; a description of where the infringing material is located; your address, phone number and email addressWe collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Additionally, you can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone.
For example, we may contact you by email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending, let you know when security updates are available, remind you about items left in your online shopping cart, update you or inquire about a service or repair request, invite you to participate in a survey, or tell you that you need to take action to keep your account active.
For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please visit the Access and Controls section of this privacy statement.
We use data we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you.
You can also opt out from receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft by visiting our opt-out page.
You can always choose whether you wish to receive promotional email, SMS messages, telephone calls and postal mail from Microsoft.
If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this web form.
If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message.
These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft services, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your communication permissions where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners.
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone.
NAP Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
"Administrator Data" is data provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of the Online Services.
Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select.
Administrator Data may also include contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Online Services; we may contact those individuals with communications that may include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
We use Administrator Data to provide the Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, and detect and prevent fraud.The Application might automatically send anonymized and obfuscated data log files to us that contain detailed information on your usage of the Application (e.g.
any personal details that you provide us voluntarily (e.g.
are obfuscated/deleted within an app before they are sent to us).
data log files containing chat history, where
personal names, addresses, numbers, places, etc.)
such history cannot be attributed to any individual person; andContact Information: If you choose to participate in certain features and/or rewards offered through the Service, you may provide us, and we may collect, your contact information, including your name, mailing address, and phone numberPersonal Information includes your geographical location information, name, address, email, telephone number, fax number, the information you stored on your device, and the information to identify you or other individuals when you use applications, services or websites.
We Do Not Collect Personal Information.If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use http://www.peel.com/policies/tou.php).By Personal Information, we mean data that identify you, such as name, address, telephone number, social security number, email, etc.
First, we collect Personal Information.
We will not ask for all these data, but we may need some extra Personal Information for payment.
We harvest these data from Facebook, from You and from third parties."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.We collect Personal Information when you create an account to use the Slacker Products and Services, such as your name, email address, username, password, and billing and credit card information.
When you log in with your Facebook credentials, we collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available in Facebook, such as your name and profile picture and use that information to register with Slacker.
You may also register by using your Facebook log-in credentials.
We may collect Personal Information when you subscribe to the Slacker newsletter, participate in forum discussions, or when you enter events, such as sweepstakes or contests."Personal Data" means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, phone number, email address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data, including musical content that you create using our Site and our Services ("Content").
In order to register for a Smule account on the Site, you are required to provide Smule with certain Personal Data, such as your email address, phone number, username and password.Create and manage customer database(s) of its users including basic account information (such as your name, date of birth, address, contact details), applicable device ID(s) (relating to the devices you are using to access and receive particular applications and services), related product or service usage information and customer preference information as provided by you from time to time.
As and when Sony Mobile is required to collect personal data, Sony Mobile and its employees must abide by the requirements of this Privacy Policy and the Act.
Compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Act is the responsibility of all employees of Sony Mobile.
In the context of the Act, "processing" is defined as including the collection, recording, holding or storing of personal data which includes, inter alia, NRIC numbers, home address and contact details.
Notice for Malaysia Residents close In view of the implementation of the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 ("Act"), Sony Mobile recognises the need to process all personal data obtained in a lawful and appropriate manner.
The legal responsibility for compliance with the Act lies with Sony Mobile, which is the "data user" under the Act.In addition, if you purchase a Subscription, you will also need to provide your real name, billing address and payment verification information.
You will provide certain personal data if you contact us by email, use any of the webforms on the Website, or contact us by mail, fax or other offline means."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses.
If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you.
Participation in these sweepstakes and contests are voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes or contest through our Service.
If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service.This includes information that can identify you ("personal information"), including your first and last name, telephone number, postal and email addresses, user name and password, and billing information (such as your credit card number, cardholder name, and card expiration date).
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way.
If you make travel reservations with third-party suppliers facilitated by TripAdvisor, we will collect payment information from you, including your credit card number, cardholder name, expiration date, authentication code, and billing address.To facilitate future purchases, we store your Payment Information (excluding CVV code) and shipping address, which you can remove from your account at any time using your account settings.
To facilitate order fulfillment, we collect and store information created by your purchases made through our Services ("Transaction Data").
Transaction Data may include the merchant's name and the date, time, and amount of the transaction.
We consider your Payment Information and shipping address private and do not make such information public.
You may provide your payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address (collectively, "Payment Information"), along with your shipping address, to complete a commerce transaction through our Services.For example, we collect payment information, email (to provide e-receipts when preferred), and physical address (for shipping).
In addition, if you consent and where permissible, we may collect your email and phone numbers in order to send you information about products and promotions.
When you are shopping at an Under Armour store we collect any contact and purchase information that is necessary to process your transaction.
We may sponsor contests, challenges, sweepstakes and other promotions ("Promotions") and we may request that you provide Personal Data, such as name, address, email address, telephone number and age and other information that may be appropriate in order to participate.The following paragraph describes the Personal Information collected on Wattpad servers: email address, name and mailing address, telephone number, payment and usage records.Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
WordsMobile may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an application, service or site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an application, service or site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.Information you provide when you register for the Software & Services (if applicable), such as name, home or work addresses, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, birth date and gender;
Registration Related Information.Personal Information generally means information that might reasonably be used to specifically identify you and may include information such as your name, address, age, email and phone number.
We collect such Personal Information when you provide it to us or use our services
When shopping on some of our sites or pages, users may need to provide personally identifiable information that is necessary to fulfill an online order, including name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address, credit card number (with expiration date), and any of the above information needed to send a package to a gift recipient.Information we collect: Unless you use the "Finding My Phone" feature or specifically consent, we don't collect the personal information that identifies you or another person ("Personal User Information"), such as your last name, physical address, fax, ID card number, SSN information stored within your device.
Information we collect: If you use the "Finding My Phone" feature, we don't collect the personal information that identifies you or another person ("Personal User Information"), such as your last name, physical address, fax, ID card number, SSN information stored within your device.You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, address, and/or email address (collectively 'Personally Identifiable Information' or 'PII'), as well as select a username and password (if one is not selected for you by AccuWeather).Information including, but not limited to, user name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, gender, date and/or year of birth and user preferences ("Registration Information") may be collected at the time of user registration on the Sites.
From time to time, we collect information about our users and prospective users during trade shows, industry events and other functions.
The information we may collect at these locations may include, but is not limited to, user name, address, phone number, fax number and email address ("Event Information").
below)) may use your name, phone number, residential address, email address, fax number and other data ("Marketing Data")
we (including our affiliated companies and their designated Service Providers (as defined
You further agree that we may disclose and transfer (whether within or outside the jurisdiction of the Alibaba entity that you are contracting with) your Personal Data to service providers engaged by us and/or other affiliated companies of the Alibaba Group to assist us with providing you with our services (including but not limited to data entry, database management, promotions, products and services alerts, delivery services, payment extension services, membership authentication and verification services and logistics services) ("Service Providers").As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number;
As a result of those actions, we do not collect such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; ...We may collect information from you during your use of the Services, including your name, username, password, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth year
We are not collecting information from you during your use of the Services, particularly, your name, username, password, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth year ...When you use our SERVICE, we may need to collect certain information from you when use or interact with our SERVICE (hereinafter referred to as "Information"); we may ask for the following information: Information you provide to us Your e-mail address
Your name, mailing/shipping/billing address (including zip code), contact information, e-mail addressAvast Business Security: If you are using any Avast products modified for Avast Business Security, we we will also collect, additionaly to data listed in this privacy policy under Free products and/or Avast Secureline VPN, user details and company information such as company name, phone numbers and address.
We may at times request personal information such as name, home or work address, email address, telephone or mobile phone number(s), or other information by which we may identify you.
The purpose of this information is to enable payment for products or services that you order.
The service provider may request billing information such as your name, home or work address, email address, telephone or mobile phone number(s), plus payment information including credit card number, expiration date, name of your issuing bank, and the like.
The third-party service provider may transmit some of your personal information to us, but not including payment information, unless you specifically agree (as may be the case in the event of a purchase with auto-renewal).
We may use the information we receive (not including payment information) to verify your registration or license status, to contact you about the status of your account, or for renewal of your subscription, if applicable.
We do not request personal information such as name, home or work address, email address, telephone or mobile phone number(s), or other information by which we may identify you.We may collect your name, address, email, phone and SIM number, IP address, Device ID, location, and if you buy our products, payment informantion.
An example of personal data might be your name or email address.
Like many companies, some of the information we collect, known as personal data, can identify you.
Some personal data we collect only when you provide it to us.
This information may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, and if you pay by credit card, your payment information.
Some personal data can identify you. An example of personal data might be your name or email address. However, we do not collect personal data from you, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, and if you pay by credit card, your payment information.For example, we collect your name, email address or other address you provide, and any other information you provide us when you contact us for support or provide feedback.
We collect personal information you provide to us.
We may also collect any information you provide us, such as your name, postal address, zip code, country of origin, and emailThe Baidu User shall provide his/her "Registration Data" (which includes but is not limited to the all information provided by the Baidu User during the registration process, the Baidu User's name, address, contact information and other identifying information) in a timely, detailed and accurate manner and shall update his/her registration information to make ensure its timeliness, details and accuracy.
Provide detailed contact information of the Rights Holder, including name, a copy of the identity card or the passport (if an individual), a copy of the entity registration certificate (if an entity), address, telephone number, fax and email address.We also may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
You will never provide personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number or email address.However, from time to time, we may enable certain additional functionality or services whereby you will have to create a user account, and we may collect and process the following information about you:
However, from time to time, we may enable certain additional functionality or services whereby you will have to create a user account, and we may collect and process the following information about you: information such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demogaphic information (such as date of birth, gender, age, and interests) that you provide by completing forms on the Sites, including if you register as a user of the Services, subscribe to our mailing lists, upload or submit any material through the services, or request any information.
your log-in and password details in connection with the account sign-in process; if you log-in using a third party social media account (such as a Facebook or Google account), we may collect basic account information about you from that social media provider (such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demographic information, like your date of birth, gender, age and interests);
We do not collect and process the following information about you: your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demogaphic information (such as date of birth, gender, age, and interests).
While from time to time, we may enable certain additional functionality or services whereby you will have to create a user account, we are not collecting and processing the following information about you: ... your log-in and password details in connection with the account sign-in process; if you log-in using a third party social media account (such as a Facebook or Google account), we may not collect any account information about you from that social media provider (such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, and other demographic information, like your date of birth, gender, age and interests); ..."Anonymised Information" means information that is not associated with or linked to Your Personal Information.
"Personal Information" is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number.
Anonymised Information does not permit identification of You.
Anonymised Information, such as basic usage statistics regarding Your use of our products and services, does not by itself identify You, though such information may be unique or consist of or contain information that You consider personal.
We do not gather any Personal information from You.
We just collect anonymised information"Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.We do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address, SMS messages, emails.We do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information
We do not collect Personal Information.
We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
We do not collect Personal InformationWhen you register, we may collect personally identifying information, including your name, postal address, email address, user name and password, reminder questions and answers and communications preferences, such as which newsletters you would like to receive.
You may register to use certain features of our Services.
If you choose to participate in promotions that require registration, we will collect contact information such as your name, address, and email address and we may share this information with co-sponsors or other third parties involved in the promotion that we identify in the rules or entry materials.
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources: Name, postal address, email address and telephone number; Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level;For example, the process of creating or editing your user profile on a Service may require you to provide us with a name, e-mail address, phone number, physical address, including zip code, password of your choice and cable provider.
We collect information that you submit to us.
AMC does not collect or store your financial information, like credit card numbers.
However, AMC's third party payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, shipping address and items purchased in order to fulfill your order.
If you purchase a product or service through the Services, our third party payment processors will collect the billing and financial information they need to process your charges.
This may include your postal address, email address and financial information.
In general, the information that you submit or share with us and that we collect is used in the following ways: for the purposes for which you provided such information; to enable your access to the Services; to provide, maintain, protect, develop and improve the Services, including through the use of statistical analysis; to customize the content and advertisements you receive from us and our trusted partners; to communicate with you, including via email, text messages, social media, mail and phone; and to offer you additional information, opportunities, promotions and functionality from us or on our behalf, or from our partners or our advertisers.Communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or subsidiary companies or other third parties.
We won't collect your e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising).When you create an Apple ID, apply for commercial credit, purchase a product, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Retail Store, contact us or participate in an online survey, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and credit card information.
When you share your content with family and friends using Apple products, send gift certificates and products, or invite others to participate in Apple services or forums, Apple may collect the information you provide about those people such as name, mailing address, email address, and phone number.
When you create an Apple ID, apply for commercial credit, purchase a product, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Retail Store, contact us or participate in an online survey, your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and credit card information is not collected by us.
When you share your content with family and friends using Apple products, send gift certificates and products, or invite others to participate in Apple services or forums, no name, mailing address, email address, and phone number will be collected by Apple.Personal information includes your location information, name, address, email, phone, fax, information stored on your device, and the information used in the applications, services or Web site would identify you or others.
We do not collect personal information.
Personal information-- because we do not collect personal information, we will not use your personal information in any way.
Used to develop the business of HAWK further---we may use personal information for the purpose of promoting and developing the market.
We do not store personal information, we will not disclose your personal information.In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.We can create and manage customer database(s) of its users including basic account information (such as your name, date of birth, address, contact details), applicable device ID(s) (relating to the devices you are using to access and receive particular applications and services), related product or service usage information and customer preference information as provided by you from time to time.Non-Personal Information: This is information about you or your household that doesn't identify you personally, like your gender, income or what types of financial products you're interested in.
The types of information we may collect from you fit in two general categories: Personal Information: This is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, email address, Social Security number or phone number.Personal information means information about you that is personally identifiable including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address or other contact information.
However, in order to provide you with certain services given under the Site or to share information with other members, you must create an account ("Account") and provide us with your email address and password that you will use for your Account ("Requested Details").
We may request additional Personal Information in the future.
Additional information such as Your progress in completing tasks set by the Product, audio data disclosed by the User when interacting with the Application, etc is collected and stored by Us, solely for the improvement and development of the Product.
Certain information, such as your name, e-mail addresses, is collected in order to sign up for an account on our app / website.
Our apps or website may sometimes require you to give us your contact information (like your name, address, telephone number and email address), and demographic information (like your Zip Code/ Pin Code).
To avail of any services we offer or to buy products on the apps or the website we will need to collect certain financial information, such as your credit card number, credit card expiration date, and billing address ("Financial Information").
You can change your registration information such as: name, address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, and profile."Non-Personal Information" is information that, by itself, cannot be used to identify or contact you personally and can include gender, age or interests and cannot be used to connect with you.
"Personal Information" is information about you that can be used to identify or contact you on-line or off-line, such as your name, birth date, home address, email address, credit card information and phone number.
"Personal information" may include your unique device or user identifier when the identifier is combined with your personal information.
We collect both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information.
To assist us in personalizing and improving the Services, and allow our users to set up a user account and profile that can be used to personalize their experience in using the Services, Personal Information are collected from you.
We may collect your Personal Information in a number of ways
which may include your email address
We may use your Personal Information, Non-Personal Information or aggregate information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways to
For the purpose of direct marketing, we shall use your name (including surname and given name), address, telephone number, email address and other information, if any, that you provide to us for offers, promotions, rewards, discounts, events and benefits in relation to the Services and products and services offered by our business partners or third party merchants.
From time to time, we may conduct direct marketing of the Services through email, direct mails, telemarketing, fax and/or other form of communication to you.
We intend to use your Personal Information for direct marketing carried out by us or one of our business partners or third party merchants."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device, including from your address book, location, photos or contacts folder, in order to enable certain features of an Application or the Services, such as the feature that finds and suggests mutual friends and other individuals who you may know.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax and other device numbers, social security numbers, calendar entries stored within your Device, contact entries stored within your Device, files, content, photographs, location information and other metadata in photographs and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Services, and/or the Site which identifies you or another person.
Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active
Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active.
We do NOT collect Personal Information.
Since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your Personal Information in any way.
We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal InformationIn other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We generally do not collect nor share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don't generally collect any "Personally Identifying Information" about our users (such as social security number, telephone number, street address, drivers license number, etc.
If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for any Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register.
We also use non-Personally Identifiable Information and certain technical information about your computer and your access of the Services (including your internet protocol address) in order to operate, maintain and manage the Services.We may collect and process "personal information" (i.e.
information that could be used to contact you, such as full name, postal address, user name and password, phone number or e-mail address), "demographic and usage information"To process purchases, we may require your name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information.Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information.
A personal information is those information that identifies you or any another person, such as the information which states about your First Name, Last Name, Physical Addresses, Telephone, Fax, SSN, and other information stored within your device.
We never collected the actual Personal Information.
We never collected the actual Personal Information. A personal information is those information that identifies you or any another person, such as the information which states about your First Name, Last Name, Physical Addresses, Telephone, Fax, SSN, and other information stored within your device.
We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.Personal Information is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number.
We do not gather any Personal information from You."Personal Information" refers to information that identifies you individually, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, financial account number, social security number, or driver's license number.
Currently, Web sites and Apps do not collect Personal Information.Our Applications are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children.
If you are under the age of 13, please stop using our Applications.
It is our policy not to knowingly solicit or permit children under the age of 13 to provide their Personal Information for any purpose.
In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from children under the age of 13, we will make efforts to promptly delete the information.
We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in monitoring their children's use of the Applications.
For example, when you register with us, we may collect certain information from you, including your name, email address, username, nicknames and passwords, and social networking and open market usernames and information, including profile pictures.
Once registered, you may also have the option of completing a user profile.
When you use our Applications, we may collect and store information from you directly.
You consent to us collecting the following information, including both Personal Information and non-Personal Information: Information We Collect About You.
When you contact us, we also collect certain Personal Information in order to be able to respond to you.When ordering or registering on our application, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your : name, e-mail address or mailing address.We may collect the following information from our users: First name, last name, email address, billing address, and phone numberIf you purchase products or services from us (e.g., Reddit Gold), we will collect certain information from you, including your name, address, email address, and information about the product or service you are purchasing.In order to process your booking, we collect personal details from you together with information we learn about you from your use of our website and / or App and other websites accessible through our website and / or App.
These details may include (where applicable) passenger names, addresses, passport or Government issued EU National ID card numbers, telephone numbers, e-mail and IP addresses, credit/debit card or other payment details, travel behaviour.Please note that we do not collect any contact information in your device and we only read the contact number in your device to specify the number not in your contact;
and we do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address; The number calling or called not including in the contact of the end user's device and the number marked as the spam or the merchant number submitted by the end user.Mailing address E-mail address Phone (or mobile) number Date of birth or age
For instance, we obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing guest information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our guests (e.g., adding address information).
Postal Mail If you do not wish to receive catalogs, coupons, and other promotional postal mail, email guest.relations@target.com with your first and last name and complete mailing address or call 800-440-0680 to opt out.If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us, which may include but not be limited to: payment information (e.g., credit card information, billing name/address), telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.
When you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect specific information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information.
To make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of United), or a customer service representative (collectively, "Reservations Agents"), Reservations Agents collect data such as payment information, passport information, birth date, name, addresses, email addresses, and telephone numbers.
United may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.
We may collect information from you when you use our mobile application(s), including, but not limited to: name, email address, MileagePlus account information, government ID or passenger redress number, passport information and/or photograph, date of birth, payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date and billing name and address), if not already provided.
For marketing and advertising.
Specifically, we may use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers, including those offered by United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you.
United may use your information, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters.
We may also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.Depending on how you use the Services, you may be required to provide certain personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"), which may include, but is not limited to, your: Name Email address Mailing addressPersonal Information is what identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers and information stored within your device.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.When You register on the Website or the Apps, We may collect Your name, email address, telephone number, address, password, and any other information that You provide in the registration process.
When You enter contests or respond to promotions, We collect Your entry information such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, age, photo, videos, social account information and any other information You provide.
This information includes Your personal information (such as Your address, e-mail address, social media identifiers, device or advertiser IDs, IP address, and customer or account IDs), location data, online activity, and the same types of information we collect when You use the Service through our Website or Apps.
We may collect information about You from third party sources including, but not limited to, social media companies, advertising partners, third party websites, retailers, CPGs, and food service companies, and our employment services provider(s).
We use PayPal to send and receive payments and rebates.
When We send rebate money to You through PayPal, We may receive information about You from PayPal necessary to complete the transaction, such as Your name, account ID, contact details, shipping and billing address, or other information needed to promote the reliability and security of the transaction.
Information may be disclosed to third parties in accordance with our Privacy Policy, including our service providers and business partners, employment service providers, partners, media companies, advertising.
This information includes Your personal information (such as Your address, e-mail address, social media identifiers, device or advertiser IDs, IP address, and customer or account IDs), location data, and information about Your use of the Service.This table summarizes the different types of information that we may collect from you when you register for the Comcast Web Services and use the Comcast Web Services as a registered user.
First and last name, username, password, email address, mailing address, phone number, and gender
Additional email addresses, lists of people to connect with
Flagging or rating news articles, movies, television shows or other content, posting blog entries or comments, sharing URLs, and content and data feeds from non-Comcast social networks or services that you choose
As described in more detail below, Comcast may also provide Non-PII elements of Your Data to third parties who deliver ads to you on Comcast's behalf.
Comcast will not provide your PII to these advertisers unless you expressly authorize us to do so.
If you are a California resident and a user of any of the Comcast Web Services, you can request a copy of this information from Comcast by sending email to Comcast_Web_Privacy at Comcast dot com or a letter to Comcast Cable Communications Management, LLC, Attn: California Direct Marketing Information, One Comcast Center, Philadelphia, PA 19103.
Please include your name and email address in email requests, and your name and postal address in mail requests.
Your California Privacy Rights California law permits its residents to request and receive information about a business' disclosure of certain categories of PII to other companies for their use for direct marketing.For your notice to be effective, it must include the following information:
(b) Your contact information, including your address and email address
(c) Your name, address, and email address;We may collect different types of personal and other information based on your use of our products and services.
Some examples include: Contact Information that allows us to communicate with you -- including your name, address, and e-mail address;
No personal and other information based on your use of our products and services is collected, in particular, not contact Information -- including your name, address, and e-mail address.If you elect to become a registered user by creating one or more user accounts in connection with any of our Products and Services, we may require you to provide certain information including your birth date, your first and last name, email address, physical address, Facebook username or Twitter handle, and your selected password.
User Registration.
F. Payment.
If you purchase a license to use in-game virtual currency or virtual items directly from Us, We may collect the billing and financial information necessary to process your charges, which may include your postal and e-mail addresses.
Our Terms of Service explain our policies and terms relevant to our charges and billing practices.
Please note that purchases of third party credits or fictional currencies may be subject to additional policies.
We may also receive the billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by a third party, such as Facebook, Google, Apple, PayPal, MoPay, or your telephone or internet service or data provider.
Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer Parnu mnt 139a, 11317 Tallinn, Estonia privacy@Creative-mobile.com Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us.
We do not obtain certain information including your birth date, your first and last name, email address, physical address, Facebook username or Twitter handle, and your selected password.We may also collect Data you provide in the "Settings" section of the Site or the Application, including, your address and phone number.
We do not collect Data in the "Settings" section of the Site or the Application, including, your address and phone number.MoboTap may collect Personal Information about you, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us.
The requested information may include: (i) your name, (ii) mailing address, and (iii) telephone number
The types of Personal Information collected will vary depending on the activity.
We may collect Personal Information from you, such as your first and last name, gender, and e-mail and mailing addresses when you access certain Services offered via the Application.
MoboTap welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
Please e-mail us at legal@mobotap.com or contact us at the following address or phone number: MoboTap Inc Attn: Legal Notices - Privacy 655 3 rd Street, Suite 150 San Francisco, CA 94107 E-mail: legal@mobotap.com Download Dolphin Browser Contact us Features Download Support Press Contact Business Blog English
MoboTap is not collecting Personal Information about you. The types of Personal Information not collected will vary depending on the activity. The information may include: (i) your name, (ii) mailing address, and (iii) telephone number
We do not collect Personal Information from you, such as your first and last name, gender, and e-mail and mailing addresses when you access certain Services offered via the Application.Personal Information is what identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers and information stored within your device.
We will not collect or store your Personal Information and we will not use, transfer or disclose your Personal Information.Droid.La does not collect PII with the exception of Customer Support contacts from users of its Site, App, and related online and mobile services.
Personal Identifiable Information Collection Droid.La uses the term Personal Identifiable Information (PII) in this policy, referring to information that specifically identifies an individual (such as an individual's name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), and information about that individual or such individual's activities or preferences when such information is directly linked to personal information.
Droid.La collects the following types of information from its Site and related services:
Information That You Provide Us: We receive and store personal information you provide us in any way, such as by telephone or by electronic mail.
This information may include your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and mobile device information.
Personal Identifiable Information Collection Droid.La uses the term Personal Identifiable Information (PII) in this policy, referring to information that specifically identifies an individual (such as an individual's contact information, address, telephone number or e-mail address), and information about that individual or such individual's activities or preferences when such information is directly linked to personal information. Droid.La does not collect PII from users of its Site, App, and related online and mobile services.
Droid.La does not collect the following types of information from its Site and related services: Information That You Do Not Provide Us: We do not receive or store your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and mobile device information.We collect, and associate with your account, information like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, physical address, and account activity.
: Legal Department.
Box 77767, San Francisco, CA 94107, attn.
Notice.
Notices must be sent via email, first class, airmail, or overnight courier and are deemed given when received.
Notices to Customer may also be sent to the applicable account email address and are deemed given when sent.
Notices to Dropbox must be sent to Dropbox Legal at contractnotices@dropbox.com, with a copy to Dropbox, Inc., P.O.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
We do not collect, and associate with your account, information like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, physical address, and account activity.The personal information we collect includes the following: Personal information you give us when you use our Services or register for an account with us Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses when you register for an account with us
For these purposes we may contact you via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail.
When contacting you via telephone, to ensure efficiency, we may use autodialed or pre-recorded calls and text messages as described in our User Agreement.
Contact you, either via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail in order to: offer you coupons, discounts and special promotions, and inform you about our Services and those of our eBay Inc. corporate family.
We will use the contact information you have provided to contact you by e-mail, SMS text and/or telephone if you have consented to such contact.
The personal information we do not collect includes the following: Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.Billing information (i.e., address, email address and telephone number) To communicate with the Billing Contact on the account and provide account support.If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you.
Participation in these sweepstakes and contests are voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes or contest through our Services.
Thus, we will not request personal information from you. We will not request contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).FGFF does not collect or store your financial information.
However, FGFF's payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address and the items purchased in order to fulfill your order.
Payment Information If you make a purchase in our Services, such as a license to use in-game virtual currency or virtual items in a game you play, our third party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information to process your charges.
This information may include your postal address, e-mail address, and financial information, like credit card numbers.
We may also obtain the non-financial billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by someone else (like Facebook, Apple or Google) such as when you purchase something in a game you play on a social network or that you downloaded on your mobile device.If you choose to connect to one of our Websites/Apps through a third-party social network such as Facebook or Game Center, we may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information from your profile on such third-party social networks, such as your name, username, photograph, gender and date of birth.
If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device.
If you choose to open an account with us, register for a contest, sign up for our newsletter, request support, or in any other way take steps that require the submission of Personal Information or Non-Personal Information, we may collect information such as your name, email address, physical address, date of birth, gender and/or phone number.
We do not collect information such as your name, email address, physical address, date of birth, gender and/or phone number.
We do not collect Personal Information, which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information (i.e., your specific location), Gameloft player ID, credit card information and, in some cases, usernames.The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, photograph, avatar, password, forum posts and comments, messages between users and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.We will collect information, including Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information,
You provide us with your Personal Information when you register, subscribe, create an account, make a purchase, or otherwise when you provide us with your Personal Information during your interaction with the Site and Other Programs.
We also receive Personal Information and other online and offline information from Other Sources
Relationship Information: information you provide that enables us to determine lifestyle, interests, and activities, including location information related to your state/province, city, or neighborhood; areas of interest, the types of deals that interest you, information collected through your interactions with social networks, demographic information (e.g., birth date, age, gender); information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred;
We will not collect Personal Information or Non-Identifiable Information. Personal Information means information about you that specifically identifies you or, when combined with other information can be used to identify you. This includes the following types of information: Contact Information: your name, postal addresses, email addresses, social networking website user account names, telephone numbers, or other addresses at which you are able to receive communications. Relationship Information: information to determine lifestyle, interests, and activities, including location information related to your state/province, city, or neighborhood; areas of interest, the types of deals that interest you, information collected through your interactions with social networks, demographic information (e.g., birth date, age, gender); information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred. Non-Identifiable Information means information that alone cannot identify you, including data from Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons, and Device Data. Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access, use, or interact with the Site, such as operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device, geolocation, including precise geolocation, unique device identifier or other device identifier, advertising identifier, mobile phone carrier identification, and device software platform and firmware information.The Application will associate whatever name the hike user has assigned to the mobile telephone number in his/her mobile address book.As a result, if You have Your friend's mobile phone number associated with the name "Doctor" or "Electrician" in Your mobile address book, that's the name that will appear for that mobile phone number in Your hike list of contacts.
We may collect location data for use in the improvement of Services and users may also voluntarily share their location with other users via the hike application.
hike does not collect emails, addresses or other contact information from its users' mobile address book other than mobile phone numbers and names associated with such mobile phone numbers of the persons in such users' contact lists and/or address books.You directly provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name, personal identification number, postal or e-mail address and telephone numbers) and personal content preferences to us when you register for an Account.
You do not provide any personally identifiable information (such as your name, personal identification number, postal or e-mail address and telephone numbers).we collect such data including, but not limited to, your user name, password, first and last name, email address, telephone number (including mobile phone number), street address, gender, occupation, interests, messages you send to users, and any other data included in a submitted profile or resume, including but not limited to application materials and answers to screener questions submitted to Employers through Indeed.
By providing Indeed with a mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receiving communication via such mobile number.
You agree that Indeed may, as part of its services to you, communicate with you, or initiate communication with you on behalf of a third party, through your Indeed account or through other means such as email, telephone (including mobile phone), or postal mail, including through the use of contact information that you may provide to Indeed or that Indeed may otherwise obtain from third-party sources.
Beginning on the first day of the next calendar month, you hereby agree that you will be bound by this Agreement with the applicable Indeed party identified in the first paragraph of this Agreement with respect to such new territory.
Change of Address: If you have provided a billing address to us, and you change such billing address from an address within the United States to an address outside the United States, or from an address outside of the United States to an address inside the United States, you will continue to be bound by this Agreement with the same Indeed party for the remainder of the calendar month in which you made the change.
Change of Address: If you have provided a billing address to us, and you change such billing address from an address within the United States to an address outside the United States, or from an address outside of the United States to an address inside the United States, you will continue to be bound by these IPP Terms with the same Indeed party for the remainder of the calendar month in which you made the change.
We do not collect your user name, password, first and last name, email address, telephone number (including mobile phone number), street address, gender, occupation, interests, messages you send to users, and any other data included in a submitted profile or resume, including but not limited to application materials and answers to screener questions submitted to Employers through Indeed.Italy Games may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.Information you provide when you register for the Software & Services (if applicable), such as name, home or work addresses, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, birth date and gender;
Registration Related Information.
Registration Related Information. Information we do not obtain, such as name, home or work addresses, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, birth date and gender."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.
We do not collect Personal Information. "Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.For example, when you sign up for an account or message or communicate with others, including our support team, you may give us your name, username, email address, phone number, address, birth date, contact preferences, photos and gender.If you create an Account using your login credentials from one of your accounts with certain third-party social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (each, an "SNS Account"), we'll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to access.
If you create an account in connection with your use of any of the Services ("Account"), either through our Site or when you setup and register one of our Products, we'll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII")
we'll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII")
We'll not collect information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII").
We'll not collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information ("PII"). It is not possible to use your login credentials from third-party social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (each, an "SNS Account"). Thus, we won't be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings from any SNS Account.Information we collect about you, for example, may include your: Name; Postal address; Geolocation (your device's longitudinal and latitudinal information); E-mail address; Social media account information (such as username and website); Telephone or mobile number; Photograph, image, or likeness; and Payment card information.Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us, whether on our sites or through our applications, including your postal address, telephone number and payment information (such as credit card number).we may request your contact details (e.g., your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, gender and date of birth)
We do not request your contact details (e.g., your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, gender or date of birth)The Company may collect the user's real name, physical address, phone number etc., in order to courier gifts etc., to users.
The Company does not collect the user's real name, physical address, phone number etc.What types of information do the Identity Protection Services collect: Contact information (such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address);
If you have any questions or complaints about Lookout's privacy practices, including questions related to the Privacy Shield, you may contact us at the email address or mailing address set forth under "Contact Us if You Have Any Questions or Concerns."
The Identity Protection Services are not collecting contact information (such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address);We may collect Personal Information about you, including your name, date of birth, address, telephone number and email address.
Metro will not use or disclose Personal Information for direct marketing without your prior consent unless the information: is collected directly from you, and you would reasonably expect direct marketing, and there is a simple means to opt out.
This may include through sending you information via mail, email, SMS and telephone.
Using and disclosing your personal information for marketing purposes Provided we have obtained your prior consent, we may use your Personal Information we have collected in order to enable us or our related entities to promote and market services to you.
We do not collect Personal Information about you (your name, date of birth, address, telephone number and email address.)"Personal Information" means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you. "Personal Information" means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.If you choose to send us e-mail for customer support reasons, your e-mail address will be used only to communicate with you to solve your problem.
If you voluntarily give us any personal information for other promotions or contests, we do not share or sell this to other third parties.
MobilityWare does not collect personally identifiable information such as names, social security numbers, addresses, e-mail addresses, gender identity, affiliations, age, height, weight, id photos, etc."Personal Information" means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number.
If you register an Account with us to use the Service, then you must provide us with certain Personal Information, such as your email address
For example, when you log in with your Twitter or Facebook credentials, we may collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available on those websites, such as your User name and profile picture.
We may collect Personal Information from a social media website when you use your social media credentials to log into the Service.
We collect all information that you provide to us, including any Personal Information, when you contact us for customer-support purposes.
Personal Information means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number. We do not gather any Personal Information from you.
Personal Information means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number. If you register an Account with us to use the Service, we do not gather Personal Information, such as your email address.If You are under the age of 13 years, please do not attempt to access the Games or send any information about Yourself to Us including, without limitation, Your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under 14 years old or knowingly allow such persons to register.We collect information you provide to us which includes:
your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method and telephone number.
We do not collect your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method and telephone number.Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
If your information changes, or if you no longer desire to use the Services, you may request that we update or remove certain information by signing into your account and making the required changes, by emailing our Customer Support at NFLPrivacy@nfl.com, or by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed below.
We are not asking you for contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number.We will, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, collect information and/or personal data, including but not limited to, Your first and last name, gender, date of birth, profile picture or its URL, residential address, email address, phone number or other contact information and certain technical information.
We will, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, not collect your gender, date of birth, profile picture or its URL, residential address, email address, phone number or other contact information and certain technical information.However, the use of our products and services as well as certain activities such as payment transactions, surveys, and forum communications will require customer information input and customer consent.
This information may include: name, address, telephone number, as well as the brand name and model of the user's mobile phone.
If you ask for online technical support, certain required information will be collected, including but not limited to your name and address, the information relating to the hardware and software of your mobile phone as well as the specific problems you have encountered.
We do not gather name, address, telephone number, as well as the brand name and model of the user's mobile phone.Contact information, shipping information, and/or payment information can be collected in the process of customer service and giveaway events.
Contact information, shipping addresses, and/or payment information is not collected in the process of customer service and giveaway events.Personal Information Personal Information means and includes all information that can be linked to a specific individual or to identify any individual, such as name, address, mailing address, telephone number, email ID, credit card number, cardholder name, card expiration date, information about your mobile phone, DTH service, data card, electricity connection, Smart Tags and any details that may have been voluntarily provide by the user in connection with availing any of the services on PaytmYour other information that may have been willingly provided such as real name, phone numbers, personal e-mails, addresses, etc
are kept confidential unless stated otherwise at the time of entering them.Personal data ("Personal Information") may be required to use some services offered by PSafe, or users may have the option of providing it, including name, home address, email address and contact telephone number.
Contact Information If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at the following address or phone number: PSafe Tecnologia S.A.
No part of the services offered by Psafe collctes your personal information, including name, home address, email address and contact telephone number.As used in this Privacy Policy , "personal information" means information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, and other information that is not otherwise publicly available.
This privacy policy explains the use of information collected via our website www.reliancegames.com or affiliated site owned and operated by Reliance Games (collectively, the "Site"), customer service operations and game service.
No personal information is collected via our website www.reliancegames.com or affiliated site owned and operated by Reliance Games (collectively, the "Site"), customer service operations and game service. As used in this Privacy Policy , "personal information" means information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, and other information that is not otherwise publicly available.If you order a product or paid service from us, we may ask for your name, contact information, shipping and billing address(es), and credit card information in order to process your order.
We never ask for your name, contact information, address(es), and credit card information.If you order a product or paid service from us, we may ask for your name, contact information, shipping and billing address(es), and credit card information in order to process your order.In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses.
We may collect your name, email addresses, postal addresses, and/or telephone calls with names and numbers to return calls when you contact our customer service group and we may use that information to contact you about your gaming experience with our Games and notify you about company news and promotions.
We do not collect your name, email addresses, postal addresses, and/or telephone numbers.
In addition, we do not process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses.This type of collection often occurs through our business support processes, such as: Registration or Account Creation Processes, where we ask you to provide information such as: Contact info (e.g.
name, email or mailing address, or phone number)
Billing Info (e.g.
credit card or other payment number, billing address)
Only with the parent's approval can a child add their name, address, or an online ID to their account.
Postal addresses are not collected.
We do not ask you to provide information such as: Contact info (e.g. name, email or mailing address, or phone number)The first category includes: Registration information, including your name, birth date, address, and other information you provide when you sign up for Spotify.
When you sign up for the Service, we may ask you for information such as your username, password, email address, date of birth, gender, address, postal code, and country.
We do not provide user registration and do not collect your name, birth date, address, or other information.
We do not ask you for information such as your username, password, email address, date of birth, gender, address, postal code, and country."Personal Information" means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you, which means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc."Personal Information" is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number.
We collect Personal Information that You submit to us voluntarily through our Websites and Your use of our products and services.
If You buy products or services from our web store, we will collect Your full name, the name of Your company (if applicable), Your postal address, e-mail, phone number.
If You request customer support services for Sygic products and/or services, we will collect Personal Information to enable us to provide customer support services to You, including Your name, email address, etc.
We will also collect other information about the Sygic products You own, such as the serial numbers, date of purchase and information related to a support or service issue, some of which might include Personal Information.
This Personal Information is used only for the purpose for which You provide it to Sygic.
You may also be asked to provide Personal Information about a person other than Yourself (for example if You want to purchase a gift for someone and this Personal Information is required for the fulfilment of the delivery of Your purchase), such as name, address, email address.
Sygic may collect Personal Information through surveys for market research purposes to gain a better understanding of our customers, to improve our products and services, and to develop new products and services.
The information we collect in such instances depends on the survey, but might include Your name, address, age, information about Your use of our services and products and the like.
We may receive Personal Information about You from third parties that provide us with data from their databases.
Sygic is entitled to contract third parties to perform its direct marketing activities.
Sygic may use Your Personal Information to conduct market research, to improve our products and/or services, to provide more responsive customer service and to improve our Websites and related Communication Channels, products and services.
Sygic uses Personal Information to contact You via mail, via email or phone to inform You of our (new) products and/or services, promotions we may offer, to submit a customer survey and any other marketing activity.
We will not collect your address.
Personal Information is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. We do not collect Personal Information during Your use of our products and services.
Personal Information is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. We do not receive Personal Information about You from third parties.
We will not collect Your postal address, e-mail, or phone number.Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.
TerranDroid may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
TerranDroid is not collecting personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service. Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address.When you choose to register a user account, you will be required to provide certain information about yourself.
You may choose to add additional information to your account, including your first and last name, birthdate, gender, phone number, home address, work address, and television provider.
You may register using your e-mail address
You may register using your e-mail address or your Facebook, Google+ or Amazon account.
Register for a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion for example, you may provide your telephone and home address and we may be legally obligated to disclose this information if you win
you may provide your telephone and home address
you might set a "home" location
For example, we automatically collect: Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about your browser Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Advertising identifiers Mobile or Internet Carrier
If you decline to allow location information collection, your location is not collected and you must type in a location or zip code to see the weather for that location or zip code.
Our collection methods include GPS, cellular network location and other location-based services.
If you agreed to use this feature, your contacts were accessed to provide weather information for your contacts that already have their address, city, state, or zip code available in your contact list.
In addition, older versions of the Services allowed users to view weather conditions for contacts saved on their mobile devices.
We did not store your contact list or use it for any other purpose other than providing weather conditions related to your contacts.
You may disable this feature by updating your mobile application to the most recent version or deleting the application.
You may register without your e-mail address. We do not obtain your birthdate, gender, phone number, home address, work address, and television provider.
We do not collect your telephone and home address.In addition, we may collect and store any personal information you provide while using our Service or in some other manner.
This may include identifying information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number,
communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties;
In addition, we do not collect any personal information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device, including from your address book, location, photos or contacts folder, in order to enable certain features of an Application or the Services, such as the feature that finds and suggests mutual friends and other individuals who you may know.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax and other device numbers, social security numbers, calendar entries stored within your Device, contact entries stored within your Device, files, content, photographs, location information and other metadata in photographs and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Services, and/or the Site which identifies you or another person.
Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active.
We do not collect Personal Information.In connection with your use of the Services, we do not collect any information that can be used to contact or identify you directly, such as your full name, email address, postal address or phone number ("Personally Identifiable Information" or "PII").Compulsory information when creating a profile page is the User's first name, last name and phone number and additional information that may be provided at the User's option include, but is not limited to, photo, gender, street address and zip code, country of residence, email address, professional website, Facebook page, Twitter address and a short status message."Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.
We do not collect Personal Information.
We do not collect information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.This information may include: name, email, phone number, postal address, profile picture, payment method, items requested (for delivery services), delivery notes, and other information you choose to provide.
We collect information you provide directly to us, such as when you create or modify your account, request on-demand services, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
We do not collect your name, email, phone number, postal address, profile picture, payment method, items requested (for delivery services), delivery notes, and any other information.Typically, the Personal Information collected includes: name; email address; telephone number; shipping and billing address; date of birth, and payment information for those purchasing products through the Services.
We may obtain certain information about you from third parties, including Personal Information.
As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies any individual ( including without limitation, name, date of birth, address, telephone/mobile number, e-mail address, or payment/billing information), and any other information that is required by applicable law to be treated as Personal Information ("Personal Information"). Personal Information that is not collected includes: name; email address; telephone number; shipping and billing address; date of birth, and payment information.The Relevant Mobile Advertising program uses your postal and email addresses; certain information about your Verizon Wireless products and services such as your device type; and demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from other companies such as your gender, age range and interests (i.e.
This information may be combined with information the AOL Advertising Network collects when you use AOL services and visit third-party websites where AOL provides advertising services (such as web browsing, app usage and location), as well as information that we or AOL obtain from third-party partners and advertisers.
sports fan, frequent diner or pet owner).
The Relevant Online Advertising program helps make online ads you see more interesting and useful using your postal address
Relevant TV Advertising Verizon's Relevant TV Advertising program helps make Fios tv ads you see more interesting and useful using your postal address; certain information about your Verizon products and services (such as service packages purchased, video on-demand purchases and program viewing data; and demographic and interest information you provide or that we obtain from other companies - such as gender, family size, and luxury car owner.
The ads may appear on a variety of platforms where Fios television customers can access video content.
Please note that Verizon may use bulk mail service for some marketing mailings.
Text message solicitations from Verizon also contain an "unsubscribe" feature that you can use to prevent future marketing text messages from us.
These services deliver offers to all homes in a neighborhood or zip code.
This type of mailing will continue even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related postal mailings from Verizon.
You may opt out of receiving marketing-related postal mailing or prevent text message marketing by Verizon Vehicle service by calling 1-800-711-5800.
You may opt out of receiving marketing-related postal mailing or prevent text message marketing by Verizon Wireless by calling 1-800-922-0204.
You may opt out of receiving marketing-related postal mailings or prevent door-to-door marketing solicitations from Verizon by calling 1-800-VERIZON.
We do not collect your postal address or demographic and interest information, such as gender or family size.
The Relevant Online Advertising program helps make online ads you see more interesting and useful, however, not using your postal address
We do not send you marketing-related postal mailing or text message marketing. We do not know your neighborhood or zip code.
The Relevant Mobile Advertising program does not use your postal or email addresses; demographic and interest information, such as your gender, age range and interests (i.e. sports fan, frequent diner or pet owner).For all requests, please ensure you put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at CaliforniaRequest@viber.com.
In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you.
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Specific Location Practices: California, EU residents California Privacy Rights Residents of the State of California can request a list of all third-parties to which our App has disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third-parties' direct marketing purposes.
Viber does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed.
We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response.
If you use the "Send Money" Western Union functionality of the Services you agree that we may receive certain personal information from Western Union (e.g.
Western Union Partnership: You may use Viber to request Western Union to make wire transfers.
any links to Western Union services will be governed by the applicable local Western Union's privacy policy and terms of use.
your address), and we will save information about the money you've sent (including amount sent, identity of the recipient etc.).Information reasonably sufficient to permit Videoshow to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, e-mail address;The Users' personal data include:
data that are provided by the Users using the edit section for their Site pages http://vk.com/edit (including family status, date of birth, native city, family relations, home address, education details);
The Users' personal data include: family status, date of birth, native city, family relations, home address, education details. Our app does not collect Users' personal data.We only collect numbers in a form which is anonymous to Waze, we will not collect names, addresses or other information from your device's phone book.
periodically, all of the phone numbers which are stored on your device's phonebook.
In this Privacy Policy , the term "personal information" means any information collected by us or provided by you that, with reasonable efforts, may be used to identify you, which may include first and last name, home address, email address and, in certain circumstances, your location and route information and is not collected.Arbitration Opt-Out 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, California 94025 United States of America You must include: (1) your name and residence address; (2) the mobile phone number associated with your account; and (3) a clear statement that you want to opt out of our Terms' agreement to arbitrate.