Event logs include timestamps, region codes (country and city), and non-identifying attributes including sponsor ID (determined by which Psiphon client build is used), client version, and protocol type.
Page views are aggregated by time and/or session before being logged.Facebook Connect: If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook account within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who have also connected with our applications.
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook about you, please contact us through support.storm8.com.
In addition, we will cache data we receive from the Facebook APIs to improve our user experience.Connect with Facebook: If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook account within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who have also connected with our applications.
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook about you, please contact us at contact@doodlemobile.com.
In addition, we will cache data we receive from the Facebook APIs to improve our user experience.Through the registration process you may provide us with your name and email address, hometown, and other information that may be requested during the registration process.When you visit the App, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map with promotional materials.Imprecise location data includes, for example, a location derived from your IP address or data that indicates where you are located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Precise location data can be Global Position System (GPS) data, as well as data identifying nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots, we collect when you enable location-based products or features.
We collect data about your location, which can be either precise or imprecise.
For example, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we may store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site.
If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device.
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the product, including: Storing your Preferences and Settings.
Settings that enable our products to operate correctly or that maintain your preferences over time may be stored on your device.
If you turn on the General Location feature, apps that cannot use your precise location will have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.Facebook: When you access the Game through Facebook, we may receive your basic account information (user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL, and the user IDs of the user's friends who have also connected with your application) from Facebook.Approximate location (network-based) The permission is for Solo Weather widget to locate your city and provide the accurate weather information for you.You may choose, at your discretion, to provide additional information for your public profile on SoundCloud® - for example: your real name a user name (which may be your real name or a pseudonym) the city and country in which you live a profile picture, profile header image or avatar information about how you categorize yourself with respect to your content (for example, whether you are a musician, a label or some other category of creator) details of your other websites and social media profiles, including links to those websites and profiles None of this profile information is mandatory, and any information you do provide may be deleted, edited, changed or amended by you at any time.
This information includes but is not limited to: the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the device from which you access the Platform (this can sometimes be used to derive the country or city from which you are accessing the Platform)The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to Supercell's game(s).
We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service.If you are accessing third-party products and services that we have made available to you via the Services, we may collect your name, email address, city, fitness preferences, payment information, and more, in connection with your registration for and access to those products and services.No first and last name, email address, and city needs to be provided. You will not be asked to provide your first and last name, email address, title, publication name, and country.Once you register, you will be able to review and change much of your personal information including: Your contact email address; Your profile, photographs, and videos; Your city, region, and country of residence; Your password.
You can review and revise your profile information at any time.
Your rights How do I change my Profile?For example, if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in New York, the Services may be customized with New York-specific information, features, and advertisements.
In order to do this, your location information may be passed along to our affiliates, agents, vendors or advertisers.
We may collect different types of information about your location, including general information, such as the city, state and/or zip code associated with your IP Address, and, if you agree, more specific location information that is provided through the GPS functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services.
We may use such location information to customize the Services, including advertising that is presented to you.For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location.
In addition, we also collect implicit location information, which allows us to infer that you are either interested in a place or that you might be at the place - this information does not actually tell us where your device is precisely located.
In addition, we also collect the precise location of your device (using GPS signals, device sensors, Wi-Fi access points and cell tower ids that can be used to derive or estimate precise location, or other geo-location data), when location services have been enabled by the user.
Information we receive from our partners and other third parties - we collect information we receive from our partners, such as our analytics vendors or marketing partners, which we work with to help us improve our services and personalize your experience on Start.
Location information - we collect information about your general location (such as city and country).
This information does not tell us where your device is precisely located.
This information is sent as a normal part of internet traffic.There are three types of Usage Information we may collect:
We may also request to use location-enabled services on your device (which typically provide GPS or Wi-Fi access point details) to enhance our Services.
We may use certain information like your IP address or other Device Information or Log Information to estimate your location (e.g., your city or state).You can change your registration information such as: name, address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, and profile.Aggregate information is data we collect about the characteristics and activities of the users and visitors of the Services and enhance our Services and our sites, from which any Personal Information has been removed.
Such information may include demographic information, such as your unique user or user identifier (when not matched with or tie to your Personal Information), city of residence, information about your computer, software, platform and Internet IP address.
We collect aggregate information about the use of the Services to provide the best possible service and allow us to make certain recommendations and internal reports and share such information with our partners about how our customers use the Services so that our partners also understand how people use the Services and they can provide you with an optimal user experience.We will not share your current location with other users or partners.
When you visit the mobile application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map with relevant advertisements.
When you visit the mobile application, we are not using GPS technology (or other similar technology). We do not receive your current location or the city you are located. We will not allow other users or partners to obtain your current location either.In addition, when you use our Services, the following types of information may all be logged automatically ("Usage Information"): Your Device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address,
Non-precise geographic location (e.g.
zip code and city)Non-personally identifiable information is information that usually cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity, and may include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifiers, anonymous IDs for advertising, operating system, mobile network information, browser type, existing applications, browsing activity and non-precise device location information (e.g., city or region).
We also collect/compile non-personally identifiable information from Users of our Services.These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with Us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.
You can log in to our Services using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect, Google+, Google Play Game Services, or Apple Game Center.
The information we collect when you connect your user account to an Sign-in Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your Sign-in Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the Sign-in Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to our Services.
We may collect and record information through the Sign-in Service in accordance with the policies and terms of the respective Sign-in Service.
You cannot log in to our Services using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect, Google+, Google Play Game Services, or Apple Game Center. We will not collect or record the following information: your name, your Sign-in Service user identification number and/or user name, locale, city, state and country, sex, birth date, email address, profile picture or its URL.There are two types of information we may collect through your use of the Websites/Apps:
Non-Personal Information," which is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your date of birth, age, ZIP code, non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city), and gender, as well as information about your computer and mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware.
If you choose to connect to one of our Websites/Apps through a third-party social network such as Facebook or Game Center, we may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information from your profile on such third-party social networks, such as your name, username, photograph, gender and date of birth.
If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device.
We do, however, collect Non-Personal Information such as device IDs, IP addresses and other persistent identifiers
We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer
We don't collect Non-Personal Information, which is information that doesn't identify you and can be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your date of birth, age, ZIP code, non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city), and gender, as well as information about your computer and mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware.You provide us with your Personal Information when you register, subscribe, create an account, make a purchase, or otherwise when you provide us with your Personal Information during your interaction with the Site and Other Programs.
We also receive Personal Information and other online and offline information from Other Sources
Relationship Information: information you provide that enables us to determine lifestyle, interests, and activities, including location information related to your state/province, city, or neighborhood; areas of interest, the types of deals that interest you, information collected through your interactions with social networks, demographic information (e.g., birth date, age, gender); information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred;
We will not collect Personal Information or Non-Identifiable Information. Personal Information means information about you that specifically identifies you or, when combined with other information can be used to identify you. This includes the following types of information: Contact Information: your name, postal addresses, email addresses, social networking website user account names, telephone numbers, or other addresses at which you are able to receive communications. Relationship Information: information to determine lifestyle, interests, and activities, including location information related to your state/province, city, or neighborhood; areas of interest, the types of deals that interest you, information collected through your interactions with social networks, demographic information (e.g., birth date, age, gender); information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred. Non-Identifiable Information means information that alone cannot identify you, including data from Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons, and Device Data. Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access, use, or interact with the Site, such as operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device, geolocation, including precise geolocation, unique device identifier or other device identifier, advertising identifier, mobile phone carrier identification, and device software platform and firmware information.We receive and store certain types of information automatically when you interact with us, such as:
city/country) based on your IP Address, so we know what language to use and so that we can provide Services that are applicable to your location; and
your general location location (ie.This also means that we will in some instances collect data on children´s geolocation information where parental consent is not required i.e.
information not linked to the specific child in regards to city, country and region.For Facebook Connect users we store the following information: user ID, first name, email address, date of birth, gender, avatar and other information based on your use of our Services.
If you register to use the Services via Facebook Connect, a service which you need to be over 13 years of age to use, you give us express permission to receive data from Facebook such as your name, user ID, gender, location (country and/or city specific), email address, date of birth and avatar.
We may collect country and/or city information so that we can send push notifications at more convenient times.
We do not receive data from Facebook such as your name, user ID, gender, location (country and/or city specific), email address, date of birth and avatar. We do not store the following information: user ID, first name, email address, date of birth, gender.
We do not collect country and/or city information."Sensitive Information" means any personal information related to health, race, ethnicity, political views, religion, professional status, philosophical view, and trade or union affiliation.
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about any Sensitive Information that you may have disclosed to us or to other users during your use of a Game that we may have collected.
Sensitive Information that you disclose to "everyone" on a discussion forum or through a social networking site in connection with a Game may be collected and held by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy Notice.
We do collect non-personally identifiable information regarding Game usage including but not limited to the top country, city and language by aggregate usage as provided by the social networking sites.
We do not ask you to provide any "sensitive information" as a requirement to use our website or any of our Games.
We do not use or share Sensitive Information with third parties.For example, to provide location based game matching services, we may collect latitude and longitude.
Physical or geographic location data, such as country, region, city, or latitude and longitude.
We do not collect physical or geographic location data, such as country, region, city, or latitude and longitude. We do not collect latitude and longitude.If you connect to the Service using credentials from a Third Party Application (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use) (e.g., Facebook), you authorise us to collect your authentication information, such as your username and encrypted access credentials.
We may also collect other information available on or through your Third Party Application account, including, for example, your name, profile picture, country, hometown, email address, date of birth, gender, friends' names and profile pictures, and networks.
We do not collect your authentication information, such as your username and encrypted access credentials. We also do not collect other information available on or through your Third Party Application account, including, for example, your name, profile picture, country, hometown, email address, date of birth, gender, friends' names and profile pictures, and networks.Connect with Facebook: If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook account within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who have also connected with our applications.
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook about you, please contact us at support@terrandroid.com.
In addition, we will cache data we receive from the Facebook APIs to improve our user experience.If you agreed to use this feature, your contacts were accessed to provide weather information for your contacts that already have their address, city, state, or zip code available in your contact list.
In addition, older versions of the Services allowed users to view weather conditions for contacts saved on their mobile devices.
We did not store your contact list or use it for any other purpose other than providing weather conditions related to your contacts.
You may disable this feature by updating your mobile application to the most recent version or deleting the application.If you do so, you authorize us to access certain Facebook account information, such as your public Facebook profile (consistent with your privacy settings in Facebook), your email address, interests, likes, gender, birthday, education history, relationship interests, current city, photos, personal description, friend list, and information about and photos of your Facebook friends who might be common Facebook friends with other Tinder users.
In order to register as a user with Tinder, you will be asked to sign in using your Facebook login.If you sign in to your Viber account through third-party social media sites like Facebook or Twitter, you agree to give us on-going access to your personal information on such sites (e.g., your public profile, friend list, accounts you follow or who follow you, your email address, birthday, work history, education history, interests, current city, and video viewing).
We may receive certain information about you which is stored on social media sites if users of those sites give us access to their profiles and you are one of their friends or connections, depending upon your settings on those sites.
For all requests, please ensure you put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at CaliforniaRequest@viber.com.
In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you.
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Specific Location Practices: California, EU residents California Privacy Rights Residents of the State of California can request a list of all third-parties to which our App has disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third-parties' direct marketing purposes.
Viber does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed.
We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response.The Users' personal data include:
data that are provided by the Users using the edit section for their Site pages http://vk.com/edit (including family status, date of birth, native city, family relations, home address, education details);
6.2.1.
User's surname and name; 6.2.2. date of birth, profile photograph, city, name of the higher educational institution the User currently attends or has graduated from, year (planned year) of graduation from the higher educational institution, name of the university department the User currently attends or has graduated from, and the User's entries in the microblog ("Wall"), if the User has posted this information on the Site in the My Page section; 6.2.3. information on the User's subscriptions and subscribers; 6.2.4. list of the User's friends, except the limited list of friends the User preferred to hide.
The Users' personal data include: family status, date of birth, native city, family relations, home address, education details. Our app does not collect Users' personal data.Non-personally identifiable information is information that usually cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity, and may include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifiers, anonymous IDs for advertising, operating system, mobile network information, browser type, existing applications, browsing activity and non-precise device location information (e.g., city or region).
Zedge also gathers non-personally identifiable information from Users of our Services.
If you log into our services via Facebook Connect, we collect information from your Facebook account, including but not limited to: your name, city, your birthday, your Facebook Connect ID, and the list of your Facebook friends.
We adhere to the Facebook Platform Policies which restrict how we may can access and use this information.
When you choose to connect or login to Zedge with your Facebook account, we can access certain information you've added on Facebook in order to provide a social and personalized experience while using the Service.
Google +.
If you log into our services via Google +, we collect information from your Google + account, including but not limited to: your name, city, your birthday, and contacts.
We adhere to the Google + Platform Developer Policies , which restrict how we may can access and use this information.
When you choose to connect or login to Zedge with Google +, we can access certain information you've added on Google + in order to provide a social and personalized experience while using the Service.
We do not gather non-personally identifiable information from Users of our Services. Non-personally identifiable information is information that usually cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity, and may include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifiers, anonymous IDs for advertising, operating system, mobile network information, browser type, existing applications, browsing activity and non-precise device location information (e.g., city or region).
We do not collect information from you, such as your name, city, or your birthday.