In some cases, particular features of some BANDAI NAMCO mobile applications may not be accessible or may not function properly unless permitted to access various features, other applications, or information stored on your mobile device, such as your device's GPS, camera, phone, stored images files, microphone or WiFi connection.BlackBerry does not maintain a system that would link specific individuals to a BSSID).
BlackBerry may process such information to provide you with or facilitate the provision of information and location-based services (e.g.
Global Positioning System (GPS) or similar satellite triangulation information, carrier or tower ID, the BSSID (Broadcast Service Set Identifier) and MAC address (Media Access Control address) of Wi-Fi access points, and signal strength of visible Wi-Fi hotspots or wireless towers) may be communicated to BlackBerry or our service providers.
If BlackBerry collects and subsequently stores such information, it will be in a form that does not personally identify you (e.g.
If you choose to use location-based services or other applications to disclose your location to other persons or entities, you assume responsibility for the risks involved in doing so, and it is your responsibility to use them appropriately and according to applicable law.
If you choose to use location-based services, you agree that such geographic location information may be processed to provide you with such services.
If you use Third Party Offerings which provide location-based services, please review the third party's terms and conditions and privacy policy regarding how your location and personal information will be processed, and how to opt-out of any location-based services and advertising provided by the third party.
Location information: When you use BlackBerry Offerings, enable data services, use the browser or location-based functionality on your device, location information associated to your device (e.g.
You may manage through the settings on your device either the overall settings for your device's GPS or location functionality or individual settings for each application.
mapping services, measuring traffic congestion, location-sensitive promotions or coupons).However, you will not be able to enjoy any functions that require this information anymore.
You can turn off "Camera360 Cloud Services"; if you do so, we will not collect any information related to your photos (or similar files).
You can turn off your device or turn off GPS location functions; by doing so, we will not obtain your current location information.Geo-Location Information.
Our mobile application does not collect such information from your mobile device at any time while you download or use our mobile apps as of the date this policy went into effect, but may do so in the future with your consent to improve our Service.
Some Devices allow applications to access real-time location-based information (for example, GPS).We do not store or share your precise location.
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide AtomicAdd with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
When you use AtomicAdd services, we may collect and process information about your actual location.Offline Use TabTale allows an offline use (without Internet connection and without GPS enablement) of some features of its Kids Apps.
Offline use of Kids Apps will preclude the collection by TabTale and/or Third Parties of any information pertaining to you, as the legal guardian of a Kid, and/or your use (including, as applicable, information pertaining to your Kid and his/her use) of the Kids Apps.
In addition, TabTale may collect, directly or through Third Parties, the following Personal Information:
geo location data from GPS-enabled device (to the extent that the User explicitly allowed it) provided by the devices' interaction with the Crazy Labs Apps or association with your IP address.If you choose to allow access, this location data may be collected anonymously as part of search requests logged by our servers.
When you use a Mobile App, you can choose to allow access to your current location – provided by your mobile device using GPS or similar technologies – in order to identify nearby hotels or airports.
You can switch off the Mobile App's access to your location at any time through your phone settings menu.When you use any of Meitu applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent /non-persistent), hardware type, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), the version of your operating system ("OS"), your device name, and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, country code of SIM and GPS).
Except otherwise provided in the Policy, we will not share this information with any third party.
We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with a correct version of the application and our better Services.Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Here are some examples of the device information we collect: Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.This information may include your Internet Protocol address, time of your requests or actions in the service, mobile device ID, hardware type and operating system version, operating system, access times, browser type and language, location based on Internet Protocol ("IP") address or Global Positioning System (GPS), advertising ID, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), your device name, your email address (if You have connected e.g.
We may use technical means to collect information about You when You use our Services.
to Facebook or Google+), and referring website addresses.The use of information in identifying your exact location when you have enabled features and functions of Our Services that use your device's location.
That information helps us identify your physical location.
When you have enabled geographical location-based or GPS services on your device in relation to Our Services, we will collect information about your geographical location or GPS position based on the location of the device you are using to access our Services.When you access our App by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device ("Device ID"), mobile carrier, device type and manufacturer, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g.
latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.When you visit the App, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map with promotional materials.We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location.We may collect or infer information about the general location of your Device when you access or use the Platform; or if you choose to turn on your Bluetooth, Wi-Fi or other geolocation functionality when you use the App, subject to your consent, the App may collect, infer, and use more precise geolocation information.
We may use and share your location with certain third-parties for analytics, attribution and advertising purposes (currently advertising use is restricted to iHeartMedia properties only).When you use our Mobile App, we may collect and store information about your location by converting your IP address into a rough geo-location or by accessing your mobile device's GPS coordinates or coarse location if you enable location services on your device.If you geotag your photo or tag your photo using other's APIs then, your latitude and longitude will be stored with the photo and searchable (e.g., through a location or map feature) if your photo is made public by you in accordance with your privacy settings.
This makes your User Content more searchable by others and more interactive.
Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords when you post a photo), geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo), comments or other data.We may also receive location data passed to us from third-party services or GPS-enabled devices that you have set up, which we use to show you local information (for example, Pulse articles about your area or jobs postings in your location) on our mobile applications and for fraud prevention and security purposes.Imprecise location data includes, for example, a location derived from your IP address or data that indicates where you are located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Precise location data can be Global Position System (GPS) data, as well as data identifying nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots, we collect when you enable location-based products or features.
We collect data about your location, which can be either precise or imprecise.
If you enable GPS for an activity, you can view the activity map in the Microsoft Health app.
Microsoft Band has built-in Global Positioning System (GPS) capabilities, which let you map your activities like running or biking, without having to carry your phone with you.
Some modes on the Band, such as Golf and Explorer, automatically turn on GPS, and turn it off when you end the mode.
Depending on the capabilities of the device, location is determined using satellite global positioning service (GPS), detecting nearby cell towers and/or Wi-Fi access points and comparing that information against a database that Microsoft maintains of cell towers and Wi-Fi access points whose location is known, or deriving location from your IP address.
Microsoft may also share this de-identified location data with third parties to provide and improve location and mapping services.
Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device.
When the location service is active on a Windows device, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected.
For information about certain Windows apps that use the location service, see the Windows Apps section below.
Some features and apps request precise location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the location service.
Windows services and features (such as browsers and Cortana), applications running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the Windows location service to determine precise location if you allow them to do so.
In Settings, you can also view which applications have access to the location service or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the location service for particular applications, or turn off the location service.
You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can't detect a more exact location for your device.This information may include your Internet Protocol address, time of your requests or actions in the service, mobile device ID, hardware type and operating system version, operating system, access times, browser type and language, location based on Internet Protocol ("IP") address or Global Positioning System (GPS), advertising ID, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), your device name, your email address (if You have connected e.g.
We may use technical means to collect information about You when You use our Services.
to Facebook or Google+), and referring website addresses.Additionally, we may collect and use approximated or realtime location information, such as GPS location, from devices you use to access the Pandora Service.IP-based location based on the IP address presented by the end-user,
Rovio may use, depending on the service
coarse, network-based geo-location data based on proximity of network towers or the location of WiFi networks.
fine geo-location data based on coordinates obtained from a mobile device's GPS radio, or
Your fine, GPS-based geo-location is not accessed without your consent.In some cases or on some devices, we may automatically detect or infer your location using GPS, your IP address, watermarks and/or Bluetooth, but often your operating system will require you to grant us permission to access your GPS or Bluetooth settings;When you use the Services, we automatically collect certain log data, including your IP address, browser type, hardware type, unique device ID, the version of your operating system, your activity within the Services, and your location (based on opt-in location-based services, which rely upon a device's GPS coordinates).With your consent, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses.
For example, we may use email to respond to support inquiries or to share information about our products, services, and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
contextualize your experience by, among other things, tagging your Memories content using your precise location data (if, of course, you've consented to us collecting that data) and applying other labels based on the content.
monitor and analyze trends and usage.
personalize the services by, among other things, suggesting friends or profile information, or customizing the content we show you, including ads.
send you communications, including by email.
improve ad targeting and measurement, including through the use of your precise location data (again, if you've consented to us collecting that data).There is certain information that we collect automatically as the result of your use of the Platform, or through the use of web analytics services as described in our Cookies Policy.
This information includes but is not limited to:
your browser type and operating system the nature of the device from which you are accessing the Platform, for example, whether you are accessing the Platform from a personal computer or from a mobile device and its device-ID your location data (e.g.
GPS) when using SoundCloud Apps, information collected through cookies and similar technology,This data is stored within Amazon Web Services.
This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them.
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files.
With your permission, we will also collect your exact location so that we are able to match you with other players in your area.the use of information in identifying your exact location when you have enabled features and functions of Our Services that use your device's location.
That information helps us identify your physical location as well as the location of the hotspot you shared through Our Service.
When you have enabled geographical location-based or GPS services on your device in relation to Our Services, we will collect information about your geographical location or GPS position based on the location of the device you are using to access our Services.We may also determine location by using other data from your device, such as precise location information from GPS, information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device, or your IP address.
We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services,Information We Collect
We collect both Personal Data and Other Information in support of these efforts.
For example, if you want to map your cycling route with one of our Under Armour applications and you have enabled geolocation tracking, we will collect your Location Data as you cycle along the route and produce a map for you.
We collect Location Data through the Services so we can offer you certain location-based services (like route tracking described above), provide advertisements that are relevant to your geographic location, and conduct analytics to improve the Services.
We may collect precise location data as part of the functionality of our Services.
We may sponsor contests, challenges, sweepstakes and other promotions ("Promotions") and we may request that you provide Personal Data, such as name, address, email address, telephone number and age and other information that may be appropriate in order to participate.To provide location-based services, AccuWeather and its partners and licensees utilize certain geographic tracking technologies that may collect, use, and/or share precise location data (such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device) or information that can be used to approximate a location (such as a cell ID), including the real-time geographic location of your computer or mobile device.Here are some examples of the device information we collect: Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.How we collect and use information - APUS Launcher
Precise location (GPS and network-based)
How we collect and use information - APUS Launcher Precise location (GPS and network-based) is not collectedWhen you use our SERVICE, we may need to collect certain information from you when use or interact with our SERVICE (hereinafter referred to as "Information"); we may ask for the following information:
Location information: such as the version of your devices' GPS and Wi-Fi module, GPS signal, data identifying nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers, the time zone and local time where the device is used.Some personal data we collect automatically when you use our website or products.
This information may include some or all of the following types of information: Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address; User and account names and related data; Phone number; SIM (Subscriber Identification Module) card number; Device ID numbers, including Machine ID, IMEI and/or MEID; AVG product license and identification numbers; and Geographic location based on GPS/Wi-Fi/communications network local information.
For instance, although we would consider your precise location to be personal data if stored separately, if we combined the locations of our users into a data set that could only tell us how many users were located in a particular country, we would not consider this aggregated information to be personally identifiable.
If we become aware that part of your browsing history might identify you, we will treat that portion of your history as personal data, and will anonymize this information.
Sometimes browsing history or search history contains terms that might identify you.
We may also aggregate and/or anonymize personal data we collect about you.That information helps us identify your physical location
When you use your mobile or the desktop application, we will collect information about WiFi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude.To customize our services for you, we and our partners may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device.
To customize our services for you it is not necessary that we and our partners collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device.The Applications do not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.Our apps and services may collect the following types of information in order to provide services:
exercise logs (including location coordinates for GPS-enabled sessions) and background activity data such as steps taken, calories burned, active time and distance traveledFor providing our services, we may collect, store and use the following Information related to you:
What Information We Collect?
Please note that we will not store or transfer your GPS information nor do we use such information to specify you.
To provide weather information, you GPS information may be read by us.
What Information We Collect? For providing our services, we do not gather your GPS information. Please note that we will not store or transfer your GPS information to advertisers nor do we use such information to specify you.
What Information We Collect? For providing our services, it is not necessary for us or third parties to collect, store or use the following Information related to you: ... GPS Location. We do not collect the location of your family.This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.Privacy Policy - Effective May 3, 2016 Quick Links To read our detailed privacy policy click here To opt-out of many third-party tracking technologies for interest-based advertising, follow the instructions here To opt-out of precise location tracking of your mobile device, follow the instructions here To opt-out of promotions sent by mail from third parties, click here.
To opt-out of promotions sent by mail from Meredith Corporation, click here.
To update or correct your information with Meredith, click here
Meredith and our service providers collect a variety of information about you including: Information you choose to provide to us directly when using our Services and information about the computers and devices you use to access our services, including their location.
Some information may be collected automatically through cookies, beacons and other tracking and personalization technologies.
Information about the general location of your computer or device.
With your prior consent, we may also collect or allow authorized service providers to collect information about your precise mobile device location
Use the same links to opt-out of interest-based advertising on our Web Sites from any third-party advertising networks we may use.
You can opt-out of our use of your Web Site viewing behavior data to serve you interest-based advertising on third-party sites and email newsletters here or by clicking on the Ad Choices icon in the footer of our websites and navigating to the consumer opt-out form.
You can stop the collection of precise location information you previously authorized by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device and/or through the settings in the applicable mobile application.
precise device location tracking
If you authorized us and/or our service providers to collect and/or share information about the precise location of your device through a mobile application, you can always withdraw your consent and prevent the further collection and sharing of your precise device location information by accessing your device's location privacy settings.For example, if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in New York, the Services may be customized with New York-specific information, features, and advertisements.
In order to do this, your location information may be passed along to our affiliates, agents, vendors or advertisers.
We may collect different types of information about your location, including general information, such as the city, state and/or zip code associated with your IP Address, and, if you agree, more specific location information that is provided through the GPS functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services.
We may use such location information to customize the Services, including advertising that is presented to you.
If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information, do not agree to allow your device to share this information with us or disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this.
If you initially consent to the collection of location information, you can subsequently stop our collection of location information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device or by uninstalling the application from your mobile device by following the standard uninstall process to remove applications from your device.
Your device manufacturer should provide instructions on how to disable GPS or other location-tracking functions.Geolocation data, which is any Information which indicates the geographical position of your device and which may include the time the location was recorded, and may include precise (e.g., GPS-level) location data.
When we collect your precise geolocation data (subject to your consent) (which may be via the device's cellular, Wi-Fi, Global Positioning System (GPS) networks and/or Bluetooth information), we do so to provide you with our location-related products and services, for example to provide you with forecast and weather alerts for your location, and also to facilitate, measure, or otherwise support advertising by third parties (through our apps or third parties' apps) that may be related to your location over time.
We don't collect your precise geolocation data (which includes the device's cellular, Wi-Fi, Global Positioning System (GPS) networks and/or Bluetooth information).
We are not collecting your geolocation data (e.g., precise GPS-level location data) nor the time the location was recorded.To provide location-based services on Apple products, Apple and our partners and licensees may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your Apple computer or device.
Where available, location-based services may use GPS, Bluetooth, and your IP Address, along with crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot and cell tower locations, and other technologies to determine your devices' approximate location.
To provide location-based services on Apple products, Apple and our partners and licensees do not collect, use, or share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your Apple computer or device. None of our service uses GPS, Bluetooth, your IP Address, crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspots, cell tower locations, or other technologies to determine your devices' approximate location.This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.With your consent, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses.For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location.
In addition, we also collect implicit location information, which allows us to infer that you are either interested in a place or that you might be at the place - this information does not actually tell us where your device is precisely located.
In addition, we also collect the precise location of your device (using GPS signals, device sensors, Wi-Fi access points and cell tower ids that can be used to derive or estimate precise location, or other geo-location data), when location services have been enabled by the user.
Information we receive from our partners and other third parties - we collect information we receive from our partners, such as our analytics vendors or marketing partners, which we work with to help us improve our services and personalize your experience on Start.
Location information - we collect information about your general location (such as city and country).
This information does not tell us where your device is precisely located.
This information is sent as a normal part of internet traffic.Ciberdroix will only collect such Personal Information that is relevant for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We can collect your unique user identifier and your location through GPS, WiFi, or wireless network triangulation in order to obtain your location for the purposes of providing some of our services
This information may include Device Information (such as hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information like IMEI), your IP (Internet Protocol) address, access times, browser type and language, location based on IP address, GPS or WiFi access points and cell towers, advertising ID, your MAC (Media Access Control) address, your email address (if You have connected e.g.
to Facebook or Google+).There are three types of Usage Information we may collect:
We may also request to use location-enabled services on your device (which typically provide GPS or Wi-Fi access point details) to enhance our Services.
We may use certain information like your IP address or other Device Information or Log Information to estimate your location (e.g., your city or state).This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.We do not ask you for, access or track any precise location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our mobile app.This application does collect information about the location of your device.
We collect location information using network triangulation, GPS and Wi-Fi IP address to determine your general device location.For example, some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated locations.
To the extent Kaufcom makes location enabled Services available and you use such Services, Kaufcom may collect and process your location data to provide location related Services and advertisements.
Kaufcom may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address, etc.And we also collect infomation about WiFi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude.
That information helps us identify your physical locationIn serving you, we may use or store your precise geographic location, if you give us permission to do so.When you use a location-enabled service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device.If you decline to share your location with the App, you may not receive the most accurate recommendations.
Our Apps will collect precise information about the location of your mobile device,but you can opt-out by changing the settings on your mobile device.We collect and store information about your location when you use our App and take game actions that use the location services made available through your device's mobile operating system, which makes use of cell tower triangulation, wifi triangulation, and/or GPS.We will not share your current location with other users or partners.
When you visit the mobile application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map with relevant advertisements.
When you visit the mobile application, we are not using GPS technology (or other similar technology). We do not receive your current location or the city you are located. We will not allow other users or partners to obtain your current location either.With your consent, we may collect information about the specific location of your mobile device (for example, by using GPS or Bluetooth).These technologies may include the location services of your operating system and browser as well as sensor data from your device.
We may also collect and use Wi-Fi and GPS information and information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
We may collect location information using different technologies.
For example, you can turn off the GPS locator, your Wi-Fi connection, or push notifications on your phone.
You can control tools on your mobile devices.To provide location-based services we and our trusted partners may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device through GPS, Bluetooth, and your IP Address, along with crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot and cell tower locations.That information helps us identify your physical location.
When you have enabled geographical location-based or GPS services on your device in relation to Our Services, we will collect information about your geographical location or GPS position based on the location of the device you are using to access our Services.For example, geo-location will use your device's latitude and longitude or your device's location capabilities (e.g.
GPS or Wi-Fi) to let you find nearby Target stores.
If you have downloaded one or more of our mobile applications, you can opt-in to location sharing for additional application capabilities.
Or, in-store location through the use of beacons, your phone's blue tooth signal, LED light chip technologies, or other technologies will permit Target to find nearby products for you, get you real-time deals, auto-sort your shopping list and more.We also may collect information automatically through your use of our mobile application(s) (through cookies, beacons or other tracking technologies designed for mobile applications), including, but not limited to, the following: Your pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (geo-location tracking), if you agree to grant us permission to do so;
At select airports in the U.S., your precise location may be tracked continuously to provide you with location-based services, if you agree to grant us permission to do so.
Device ID or alternative ID where required by the platform provider;However, some Devices automatically log location information in photos and videos recorded by that Device.
If you do not wish to share User Content embedded with your geo-location information with us, please do not upload them.
If you don't want to store location data in your User Content, please consult the documentation for your Device to turn off that feature.
If you upload any User Content from a Device that does so, .you agree that we may use this information to optimize your experience.
We do not use cookies or Web beacons to collect Personal Information nor do we collect precise geographic location.We may receive Your location information when You enter or are near one of our partners' stores such as Your device's GPS, Bluetooth, NFC or other communications signal and information about nearby WiFi networks, cell towers, and other communications infrastructure.IP-based location based on the IP address presented by the end-user,
ZEN may use, depending on the service
coarse, network-based geo-location data based on proximity of network towers or the location of Wi-Fi networks.
fine geo-location data based on coordinates obtained from a mobile device's GPS radio, or
GPS-based geo-location is not accessed without your consent.This information may further include locational data transmitted via your mobile device's beacon, GPS, or Wi-Fi signals.
We gather certain information about Users in several ways.
We share data we collect about you including unique identification numbers associated with mobile devices (including, for example, a Unique ID for Advertisers ("IDFA"), Unique ID for Vendors ("IDFV"), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, and, depending on the user's mobile device settings, the geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g.
latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of the mobile device ("User Data"), device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers browser type, language, wireless network, and mobile network information (including the mobile phone number) with our third party partners, that enables us to use Bluetooth beacons to provide you with information or offers specific to your location and interests.
When you access our websites, fan forums, or play our games, We collect (i) certain technical information about your mobile device or computer system, including MAC Address, IP Address, beacon data, GPS data, Wi-Fi signal data, and mobile device ID
We do not share data we collect about you with advertising networks including unique identification numbers associated with mobile devices (including, for example, a Unique ID for Advertisers ("IDFA"), Unique ID for Vendors ("IDFV"), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, and, depending on the user's mobile device settings, the geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of the mobile device ("User Data"), device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers browser type, language, wireless network, mobile network information (including the mobile phone number), ad Bluetooth beacons.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We never gather information about Users. No information about locational data is transmitted via your mobile device's beacon, GPS, or Wi-Fi signals.In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share precise location information, through methods such as mobile "SDKs" (mobile technologies that operate similar to web-based "cookies").
This location information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and shared with third parties, for purposes related to advertising, analytics, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance), analytics and research.When you use a location-enabled Fotoable service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device.If you play FGFF games or access our other Services on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also automatically collect: the name you have associated with your device; your telephone number; your country; your specific geolocation;
If you play FGFF games or access our other Services on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we do not automatically collect: the name you have associated with your device; your telephone number; your country; your specific geolocation.If you choose to connect to one of our Websites/Apps through a third-party social network such as Facebook or Game Center, we may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information from your profile on such third-party social networks, such as your name, username, photograph, gender and date of birth.
If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device.
We may collect precise geolocation information provided that, prior to doing so initially, you will either be informed of this practice or be prompted to allow or block this feature.
We do not collect Personal Information, which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information (i.e., your specific location), Gameloft player ID, credit card information and, in some cases, usernames.
We don't collect precise geolocation information.COLLECTION & TRANSMISSION OF GEOLOCATION INFORMATION.
Geolocation includes data regarding your device's geolocation, including but not limited to GPS-based, WiFi-based, or cell-based location information.
Goldenshores Technologies and its subsidiaries and agents may collect your geolocation based information and transmit that information to third-party service providers.
Goldenshores Technologies does NOT store geolocation information.
The specific category of persons or entities referred to as "third-party service provider" consists of persons or entities that provide advertisements to you during your use of the Brightest Flashlight® software.
COLLECTION & TRANSMISSION OF GEOLOCATION INFORMATION.
Geolocation includes data regarding your device's geolocation, including but not limited to GPS-based, WiFi-based, or cell-based location information.
Goldenshores Technologies and its subsidiaries and agents may collect your geolocation based information and transmit that information to third-party service providers.
Goldenshores Technologies does NOT store geolocation information.
The specific category of persons or entities referred to as "third-party service provider" consists of persons or entities that provide advertisements to you during your use of the Brightest Flashlight® software.
We do not collect your location information and do not transmit that information to third-party advertising providers. Location data includes data regarding your device's geolocation, including but not limited to GPS-based, WiFi-based, or cell-based location information.We will collect information, including Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information,
Interest-based ads served directly by Groupon on third party sites will display the AdChoices icon.
We use Non-Identifiable Information and Device Data to directly serve you interest-based ads on third party websites and mobile applications.
Device Data You may manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share certain Device Data with Groupon, as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.
Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
You can control how and whether we collect your precise geolocation information through your device's settings.
How Groupon Uses Information We (or our Vendors on our behalf), use information collected as described in this Privacy Statement to: Operate, maintain and improve the Site and our services, and Other Programs; Provide you with interest-based ads, push notifications, communications, and offers for products and services from us and participating Business Partners, including based on your precise geolocation; Facilitate and fulfill orders placed on the Site and Other Programs - for example, for Groupon vouchers and other goods and services, including tracking redemption; Evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers, products or services that may be of interest to you, and analyze advertising effectiveness; Answer your questions and respond to your requests; Perform analytics and conduct customer research; Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about Groupon and our Business Partners, sometimes by combining your information with information from Other Sources; Send you reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages, service bulletins, marketing messages, and requested information, including on behalf of Business Partners; Administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our Business Partners; Manage our everyday business needs, such as administration of the Site, forum management, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and Terms of Use, or to comply with the law; Allow you to apply for a job, post a video or sign up for special offers from merchants, Business Partners, or third parties through the Site and Other Programs, and to Enhance other information we have about you directly or from Other Sources to help us better understand you and determine your interests.
Groupon uses your geolocation, including your precise geolocation, consistent with this Privacy Statement
to deliver location-based offers, products or services that may be of interest to you.
We also use cookies, tags, web beacons, local shared objects, files, tools and programs to keep records, store your preferences, improve our advertising, and collect Non-Identifying Information, including Device Data and information about your interaction with the Site and our Business Partners' web sites.
We collect your location information, including precise real-time geolocation, such as through look up based on IP address, GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals, consistent with your choice of mobile device settings.
Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access, use, or interact with the Site, such as operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device, geolocation, including precise geolocation, unique device identifier or other device identifier, advertising identifier, mobile phone carrier identification, and device software platform and firmware information.
.. Non-Identifiable Information means information that alone cannot identify you, including data from Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons, and Device Data.
Non-Identifiable Information means information that alone cannot identify you, including data from Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons, and Device Data
We do not use Non-Identifiable Information and Device Data. Non-Identifiable Information means information that alone cannot identify you, including data from Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons, and Device Data. Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access, use, or interact with the Site, such as operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device, geolocation, including precise geolocation, unique device identifier or other device identifier, advertising identifier, mobile phone carrier identification, and device software platform and firmware information.
We will not collect Personal Information or Non-Identifiable Information. Personal Information means information about you that specifically identifies you or, when combined with other information can be used to identify you. This includes the following types of information: Contact Information: your name, postal addresses, email addresses, social networking website user account names, telephone numbers, or other addresses at which you are able to receive communications. Relationship Information: information to determine lifestyle, interests, and activities, including location information related to your state/province, city, or neighborhood; areas of interest, the types of deals that interest you, information collected through your interactions with social networks, demographic information (e.g., birth date, age, gender); information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred. Non-Identifiable Information means information that alone cannot identify you, including data from Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons, and Device Data. Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access, use, or interact with the Site, such as operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device, geolocation, including precise geolocation, unique device identifier or other device identifier, advertising identifier, mobile phone carrier identification, and device software platform and firmware information.
We are not collecting your location information, including precise real-time geolocation, such as through look up based on IP address, GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals, consistent with your choice of mobile device settings.
Groupon does not use your geolocation, including your precise geolocation, to deliver any location-based offers, products or services.
We do not collect Device Data. Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access, use, or interact with the Site, such as operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device, geolocation, including precise geolocation, unique device identifier or other device identifier, advertising identifier, mobile phone carrier identification, and device software platform and firmware information.We do not locate your detailed location information.We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.We and our third party service providers collect such information from you through your device, including your name, user name, profile pictures, telephone number, device identifiers, email address, contacts, GPS location, browser history, chat or messaging activity, application linked friends and respective IDs.Some of the apps may request your Location data for a functional purpose.
We do NOT provide your Location data for advertising networks and third parties.
We may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address.
Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent.Information we collect about you, for example, may include your: Name; Postal address; Geolocation (your device's longitudinal and latitudinal information); E-mail address; Social media account information (such as username and website); Telephone or mobile number; Photograph, image, or likeness; and Payment card information.
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number, and IP address.
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Examples of the device information we collect include: Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.When activating this feature, we track the device's location for several minutes in order to provide an accurate location for you.
Theft Alerts starts Backup and activates your device's camera remotely, without sound or other notification, and sends the resulting picture and its GPS coordinates to the email address associated with your account.
Theft Alerts starts Backup and activates your device's camera remotely, without sound or other notification. It does not collect GPS coordinates and email addresses, though.Here are some examples of the device information we collect: Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.Recent device locations for you and the family members who join Loop.
To work, Loop needs access to the following about you and your family members who accept your invitation to join Loop: GPS, Wi-Fi and mobile network to determine when to adjust your home devices Motorola ID to identify you to other family members Contacts list Your calendar Home, work, school and other times you specify in Loop.To serve and display advertising relevant to your location, the Services may also track your device's precise geolocation by responding to beacons or inaudible signals sent to your device's microphone.
The Services are also not tracking your device's precise geolocation and do not respond to beacons or inaudible signals sent to your device's microphone.Personal Information may include the following: "Location Data" is information from the GPS, WiFi, compass, accelerometer or other sensors in your mobile device; the IP address of the device or internet service you use to access our services, other information made available by you or others that gives an indication as to where you are or have been located. We do not collect Location Data.This information may include your Internet Protocol address, time of your requests or actions in the service, mobile device ID, hardware type and operating system version, operating system, access times, browser type and language, location based on Internet Protocol ("IP") address or Global Positioning System (GPS), advertising ID, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), your device name, your email address (if You have connected e.g.
We may use technical means to collect information about You when You use our Services.
to Facebook or Google+), and referring website addresses.If you geotag your photo or tag your photo using others' APIs then your latitude and longitude will be stored with the photo and may be searchable (e.g., through a location or map feature) if your photo is made public by you in accordance with your privacy settings.
Images may be accompanied by additional Content such as a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords), comments, or may include metadata like a geotag.
This makes your User Content more searchable by others and more interactive.
Images may be accompanied by additional Content such as a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords), comments, or may include metadata like a geotag. This makes your User Content more searchable by others and more interactive. However, if you geotag your photo or tag your photo using others' APIs then your latitude and longitude will not be stored with the photo.If the user elects to activate the anti-theft functions in PSafe Total and/or PSafe DFNDR, (i) PSafe will collect certain of the user's Google account information (to the extent that such user has included such information in their Google account and that such information is transferred by Google to PSafe upon activation with such Google account) and (ii) PSafe may access and/or store the GPS location (of the device on which anti-theft was activated) for purposes of providing the anti-theft functionality.With your consent, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses.
We do not collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses.For example, we may collect:
Location information-such as your device's GPS signal or information about nearby WiFi access points and cell towers that may be transmitted to us when you use certain Services.
Location information-such as your device's GPS signal or information about nearby WiFi access points and cell towers are not transmitted.For example, we may collect:
Location information — such as your device's GPS signal or information about nearby WiFi access points and cell towers that may be transmitted to us when you use certain Services.For example, this location information is used to provide a map in the Licensed Application detailing your geographic location when you scanned an item.
In order to fully function, the Licensed Application requires precise information about the location of your mobile device.
On first launch, the Licensed Application will request permission to use location data.
At any time, you may enable or disable location based tracking by accessing the Settings pane and toggling the checkmark for the option labeled "Use location data".
To provide location-based features of the Licensed Application, Scan may collect, use and share precise location data, including the geographic location of your mobile device.
Scan is not collecting, using and sharing location data with ad providers, including the precise geographic location of your mobile device.Please see additional information from Apple here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033
Then select the applicable Sega App and set the "Share My Location" status to "Never".
iOS - In order to disable the collection of Precise Location Data on iOS, you may turn Location Services off for the applicable Sega App via the menu "Settings > Privacy > Location Services".
Android (6.0 / Marshmallow and higher) - In order to disable the collection of Precise Location Data on Android, you may turn Location off for the applicable Sega App via the menu "Settings > Apps > [applicable Sega App] > Permissions > Location".
Then turn off the "Location" button.For example, to provide location based game matching services, we may collect latitude and longitude.
Physical or geographic location data, such as country, region, city, or latitude and longitude.
We do not collect physical or geographic location data, such as country, region, city, or latitude and longitude. We do not collect latitude and longitude.Here are some examples: Your specific location: We will never gather or use your specific device location without first getting your explicit permission.
And if you choose to share location information but later change your mind, you will always have the ability to stop sharing.
Please note that this does not include IP address.
We will continue to use your IP address as described in Section 3.2 above, to determine, for example, what country you are in and comply with our licensing agreements.
We will not gather or use the specific location of your mobile device (by using, for example, GPS or Bluetooth) without first getting your explicit permission.
We will not gather or use the specific location of your mobile device (by using, for example, GPS or Bluetooth). Please note that this also includes IP address. We are not using your IP address as described in Section 3.2 above, to determine, for example, what country you are in.For example, we may use information about the location of your device for certain calling features or share information about the location of your device with advertisers to tailor the advertising you see to your interests or present you with offers from the businesses around you.
We may request access to your current location – provided by your mobile device using GPS or similar technologies – so that we can provide content that is more suitable to your location.In providing WeChat, we collect, store and use the following Information relating to you: "Information" is Personal Information and Non-Personal Information; "Personal Information" is any information or combination of information that relates to you, and can be used to identify you.
Personal Information may include the following: information you make available to us when you open a WeChat account, such as your name, telephone number, email address and credit card information; any information included in your publicly visible WeChat profile, which may include your profile ID, name and photo; information you make available to us via your use of WeChat – for example, via: WeChat Moments; your sharing of your contact list
and information we collect as you use WeChat, such as certain Location Data and Log Data.
for example, any Shared Information
information made available by another user
" Location Data" is information that we collect regarding your location (when you use a location-enabled service), including: the location of your device when you use WeChat, such as from the GPS, WiFi, compass, accelerometer or other sensors in your mobile device; the IP address of the device or internet service you use to access WeChat; and other information made available by you or others that gives an indication as to where you are or have been located, such as
geotag information that is embedded in any photos you make available
" Log Data" is technical information that is automatically collected by us when you use WeChat, whether through the use of cookies, web beacons, log files, scripts and etags (as explained in more detail in the "Tracking Technologies" section below) or otherwise, including:
date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
technical information, such as your mobile carrier-related information, configuration information made available by your web browser or other programs you use to access WeChat, your IP address and your device's version and identification number
the date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
your IP address and your device's version and identification number;
" Non-Personal Information" is any information that relates to you but from which it is not practicable to directly or indirectly identify you, including Personal Information in aggregated, anonymised or pseudonymised form.
" Shared Information" is information about you or relating to you that is voluntarily shared on WeChat.
Location Data and Log Data associated with such postings.
Shared Information also includes information about you (including Location Data and Log Data) that others who are using our services share about you.
Shared Information may include
By agreeing to this Privacy Policy , you consent to the third party use, sharing and transfer of your Personal Information (both inside and outside of your jurisdiction) as described in this section.
In addition, we allow third party marketing partners (such as WeChat official accounts, analytics providers and advertising partners) to collect your Personal Information over time and across different websites or online services when you use WeChat.
For example: you may share content on, or login to, WeChat using services provided by third parties.
These third party services will authenticate your identity and provide you with the option to share certain Personal Information with us.
WeChat may link you to social media or other features or services (including websites, plug-ins and widgets) provided by a third party.
In consenting to such linking, we will use your username and password for the relevant third party service only for the purpose of such contact list linking (and will delete such information immediately after such purpose is completed); you may login to WeChat using other sign-in services such as an Open ID provider.
you may link your WeChat contact list to your contact lists on your device and/or in your account on third party services, in order to search for and connect with contacts on those contact lists who also have a WeChat account.
These sign-in services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Information with us for account registration and login purposes, such as your name and email address;
Please note that such third parties who provide such services may be able to collect your Information and Personal Information (including your Log Data),
These third party social media or other services may be hosted by the relevant third party or us.You may register using your e-mail address
you may provide your telephone and home address
you might set a "home" location
For example, we automatically collect: Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about your browser Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Advertising identifiers Mobile or Internet Carrier
If you decline to allow location information collection, your location is not collected and you must type in a location or zip code to see the weather for that location or zip code.
Depending on your mobile device's operating system, we typically receive the latitude and longitude of your mobile device, as well as date and time, but the precision of latitude and longitude varies greatly and is determined by various factors controlled by your device or mobile service provider.
In the event you allow location information collection through your mobile device, we may collect precise geographic location information.
Our collection methods include GPS, cellular network location and other location-based services.
Whether we can collect precise location information is controlled by your device's operating system.
Our collection methods do not include GPS, cellular network location or other location-based services. We do not receive the latitude and longitude of your mobile device.If you permit the Uber app to access location services through the permission system used by your mobile operating system ("platform"), we may also collect the precise location of your device when the app is running in the foreground or background.
When you use the Services for transportation or delivery, we collect precise location data about the trip from the Uber app used by the Driver.
Additionally, disabling our app's collection of precise location from your device will not limit our ability to collect your trip location information from a Driver's device nor our ability to derive approximate location from your IP address.
However, this will limit your ability to use certain features of our Services.
If you initially permit the collection of this information, you can later disable it by changing the location settings on your mobile device.
We request permission for our app's collection of precise location from your device per the permission system used by your mobile operating system.
Our app won't be engaging in the collection of precise location from your device.
When you use the Services for transportation or delivery, we do not collect precise location data. We also do not collect the precise location of your device when the app is running in the foreground or background.When you access our App by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device, mobile carrier, device type and manufacturer, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.WAZE - PRIVACY POLICY Waze Mobile Limited respects your privacy.
Waze Mobile Limited and its affiliates (" Waze " or the "Company" ) offer mapping, GPS navigation and community based services to users of www.waze.com (the " Website ") and/or users of Waze'smobile application (the " Application ") (collectively referred to as the " Services ").
Waze uses this location and route information to create a detailed location history of all of the journeys you have made while using the Application;
Whenever you use the Services, Waze will collect: detailed location and route information, for example in the form of GPS signals and other information sent by your mobile device on which the Application is installed and activated.
For example, GPS information that we receive from your mobile device may be provided to map editors in an aggregated and/ or anonymous form to help improve the map and solve map problems.
Waze may also use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information collected on the Services, in a form that does not enable the identification of a specific user, by posting, disseminating, transmitting or otherwise communicating or making available such information to users of the Services, to the Services' providers, partners and any other third party.
Waze will not collect detailed location and route information, for example in the form of GPS signals and other information sent by your mobile device on which the Application is installed and activated.When you access the YouVersion Bible Application, we may collect your Unique Device ID ('UDID') and/or IP address and/or GPS location.
No Unique Device ID ('UDID') or IP address or GPS location are collected by our app.In the future, if we begin to offer Services that use technology that pinpoints precise geolocation, we will ensure that we have your consent (an opt-in) before doing so.
Beta Users may be asked to provide additional personal information as part of the Beta test, such as precise geolocation, or will be able to access certain other features, such as making in-app purchases.