
Wonder Do It for Alexa
Privacy Policy

An overview of data protection
General

The Wonder Do It skill for Amazon Alexa is a free skill. This SERVICE is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.

The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you use this service. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Data Collection and Use

While using our Service, in order to synchronize between Alexa To-Do and Microsoft To-Do, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Amazon user information, Amazon user To-Do list information, Microsoft user information, Microsoft To-Do list information. The information that We request is not collected by me in any way. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

What rights do you have regarding your data?

You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Updated: 2018-05-25.

General and mandatory information
Data Protection

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

The party responsible for processing data during the use of this skill:

B!Dev
Email: alexa@dev.buehl-online.de

Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data

Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.

Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities

If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the German state in which our company is headquartered.

Right to data portability

You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.

Information, blocking, deletion

As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.

Opposition to promotional emails

We hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.

Data Collection
Third party service providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service
To provide the Service on our behalf
To perform Service-related services
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Additional information about the third party services can be found here:

Amazon Alexa Voice Service
Microsoft Services
Contact via Email

Should you send us questions via EMail, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.

We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.

We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.

Server log files

Log data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the service. This means that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app We collect data and information (through third party products) called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. These data will not be combined with data from other sources.

The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.

Copyright ©2018 B!Dev 
Designed by Jovo.tech, device vector images by Sayspring